 This is the logical next step which reflects the way we think about the airline business within the Group from our airline being the primary transport for the tour operator to becoming a leisure airline in its own right with its own commercial relationships distribution channels and growth targets while sharing the Groups absolute focus on giving our customers the best possible experience of Thomas Cook. PARTNERSHIPS We are very clear in our strategy for profitable growth that we will focus our attention and resources on a number of key areas where we can genuinely be different from the competition. This approach is complemented by a series of partnerships which enable us to streamline our operations while also tapping into opportunities for growth. The strategic alliance with Expedia agreed at the end of this year to outsource our city and domestic hotel business while harnessing their technology for our hotelonly offering is the most significant of those partnerships agreed during the year. This combined with the deal we agreed in 2016 to outsource the sun beach hotels which sit outside of our core portfolio to Webjet completes our complementary hotel strategy and positions us for growth in this area of the business at the lowest possible cost. However we also made good progress in Thomas Cook China a joint venture with Fosun launched September 2016. A fullservice travel company successfully concluded in February with presentations to the Executive Committee from 18 leaders. THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 39 STRATEGIC REPORT DIVERSITY Our vision to be the worlds most loved holiday company is supported by an internationally diverse workforce. We believe that improving our diversity will open up new ways of thinking get us closer to our customers and drive profitable growth. We are committed to creating an inclusive working environment in which every employee is able to fulfil their potential through training career development and fair promotion regardless of personal characteristics. Gender diversity has been a particular focus area for us in 2017. We introduced balanced gender shortlists for the first time for leadership roles ensuring a fair and consistent selection of males and females. In the UK we ran our second Womens sponsorship programme for high potential females while in Germany we introduced a family centre in our Head Office in Oberusel to support working parents in their child care. Our international diversity across our Leadership Team is strong with 18 nationalities represented the largest of which are British at 37 per cent German at 28 per cent and Swedish at 9 per cent. We are working to create a new international mobility framework designed to encourage the movement of colleagues across different countries and markets. Ethnicity is also an increasing subject of focus. We aim to establish an organisational benchmark in 2018 and establish a framework of activity based on the results. We as a result of stronger trading. The Groups improved cash flow position together with noncash changes such as foreign currency translation resulted in net debt of 40 million 122 million lower on a likeforlike basis than the position as at 30 September 2016. STRATEGIC REPORT THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 42 FINANCIAL REVIEW C ONTINUED LIKEFORLIKE ANALYSIS Certain items such as the normal translational effect of foreign exchange movements affect the comparability of the underlying performance between financial years. To assist in understanding the impact of those factors and to better present underlying yearon year changes likeforlike comparisons with FY16 are presented in addition to the change in reported numbers. The likeforlike adjustments to the Groups FY16 results and the resulting yearonyear movements are as follows Group m Revenue Gross margin Operating expenses Underlying EBIT Restated FY16 i 7810 23.4 1527 302 Impact of Currency Movements 575 0.3 106 4 Reduced fuel cost 100 0.3 na na Restated FY16 Likeforlike 8285 23.4 1633 306 FY17 Reported 9007 22.1 1665 330 Likeforlike change 722 na 32 24 Likeforlike change 9 130bps 2 8 Note i See Note 33 on page 165 for details of the prior year restatement. PERFORMANCE BY BUSINESS LINE The Group now reports the operations of its Group Tour Operator and Group Airline businesses as its primary reporting segmentation as this split better reflects how the business is managed and reported internally. This segmentation was previously given as supplementary information. Further description of this PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 61 GOVERNANCE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHT BILL SCOTT APPOINTED AS CFO FROM JANUARY 2018 Key strengths and skills Extensive experience in strategic financial planning and financial reporting Chartered accountant with expertise in leading large corporate transactions including debt and equity refinancing Knowledge of international markets having worked in Asia Previous experience and appointments Director of Financial Reporting at Thomas Cook Financial Controller at KwikFit and senior finance positions at PwC First Pacific Company Shell and eBookers plc. BOARD EVALUATION Recognising the need continually to develop the effectiveness of the Board this year I engaged Dr Tracy Long of Boardroom Review Limited to conduct an independent evaluation of the Boards operation. This rigorous and thorough assessment involved indepth onetoone interviews and individual feedback as well as overall feedback to the Board. The review provided useful insight and identified practical actions that will help us to develop. More details about the evaluation process and outputs can be found on pages 70 to 71. COMMITTEES During the year our Committees made good progress in delivering positive change in their respective areas. With the continuing significant threat posed by cyberattacks and the pending implementation of the General Data Protection Regulations our Audit Committee has been particularly focused on the risks associated with cyber and information security and the controls we have in place to deal with them.