 Going forward we intend to add additional functionality including access to educational modular courses that can support Continual Professional Development CPD for medical professionals. The Group is currently in discussions with a number of universities and educational organisations to rene its planned courses and CPD offering. Wideacademy also intends to launch a Diseases Treatment section in H1 2018 to provide more detailed information on specic illnesses. CORPORATE During the year several corporate changes were undertaken to reect the Groups transition from product development into a revenuegenerative international provider of stem cell services. Accordingly we have brought together individuals of outstanding quality who have proven track records in the stem cell industry and nancial sector. Directorship appointments included Alan Greenberg previously Vice President of Wideacademy and a Group NonExecutive Director who became a Group Executive Director and Group Chief Business Development Ocer whilst remaining Vice President of Wideacademy Malcolm Glaister who has held a number of management roles across a broad spectrum of leading investment and trading businesses and joined as a NonExecutive Director and myself as NonExecutive Chairman having previously held several senior directorship positions with both large and small companies in the insurance healthcare and IT industries. As part of these board changes Dr. Graham Hine my predecessor as Chairman retired from his board role I would like to thank him for all his work and support in helping advance the Group to a point of international growth and development. Post period end David Henriques who has signicant asset management and corporate nance experience and is involved with the digitalisation of insurance products was appointed to the Board as a NonExecutive Director. He replaced Mr. Zakaria Aziz who stepped down from his position as NonExecutive Director. A new Scientic Advisory Committee consisting of leading gures in the industry was also appointed. Responsible for identifying and advising the Board on new developments within the stem cell sector the Committee will ensure that we continue to address market demand and offer the most competitive and innovative portfolio of services. Finally postperiod end investors will be aware that trading in our shares was suspended. This was a result of a delay in publishing our nal results for 2017 pending completion of the audit process which in turn could not be completed as we were in discussions with our nancial advisers with a view to a fundraising. Having received commitments in respect of approximately 1.47 million via a placing and with a live market bookbuild underway to bolster this further we have been able to successfully conclude the auditing of our annual accounts. In light of this we expect our trading suspension to be lifted in the near term and are working with the FCA to achieve this. I would like to assure shareholders that despite this auditcorporate setback all business operations have continued to operate as usual and our growth prospects remain strong. Our focus is rmly on achieving the commercial rollout of our stem cell services to build revenues and ultimately drive the value of our business. FINANCIAL OVERVIEW We successfully raised 1.4 million before expenses in two placings in 2017 on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. This has enabled us to set up our operations for WideCells and Wideacademy in Manchester and for CellPlan in Porto and we are on target to grow sales in 2018. OUTLOOK We are now focused on growth and the commercial rollout of products and services across all three divisions. As well as our existing regions we are exploring opportunities in the AsiaPacic territories where the stem cell industry is gaining increasing prole. Our preeminent team and staff are leading the world in this exciting sector and with their support I anticipate steady growth during the year. To conclude I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders who provide ongoing support and look forward to updating our progress on a regular basis. Peter Presland NonExecutive Chairman 4 June 2018 WideCells Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 10 Stem cell therapy is gaining increasing recognition for its lifesaving potential in a widerange of medical applications. 82 illnesses can currently be treated using stem cell procedures and developments in its use in illnesses such as cystic brosis cerebral palsy diabetes and autism have caught the headlines of late. As the value potential of this innovative treatment advances more and more people are becoming aware of the benets of storing stem cells which in turn been originally incorporated in 2012 under the name of Wide Universal Ltd and its wholly owned subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom Portugal and Spain. On 27 July 2016 WideCells was admitted to the London Stock Exchanges Main Market raising 2.00 million 1.72 million net of costs via the placing of 18181819 new ordinary shares at a price of 0.11 and since then the Group has raised approximately 1.4 million before fees in two private placings. A placing and live market bookbuild to raise an additional 1.80 million is underway as referred to in note 26 to the Financial Statements. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW WideCells Group is an international specialised provider of stem cell services. Its business is separated into three key divisions each of which is operated under a separate brand WideCells CellPlan and Wideacademy. OUR STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK The market and recent trends Over 4000000 people have stored cord blood with over 500 cord blood bank companies that exist worldwide. The global stem cell market was valued at approximately US96 billion in 2017 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 13.8 to 2025 to reach an estimated value of US270 billion Source Transparency Market Insight report. As one of the fastest growing segments of the stem cell market the number of cord blood banks worldwide has grown from 23 in 2004 to over 500 in 2013 Source BioInformant Report.