8 Management team with deep automotive experience and long track record of strong revenue growth profitability and cash flow generation History of achieving leading returns and financial KPIs e.g. revenue growth above market Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Strong industry reputation for technology innovation and product quality. Supports business awards at positive margins Targeting vehicle and platforms which we believe are likely to be successful based on global and regional trends Disciplined approach to quoting new contracts and capital allocation Strict fixed cost control and continuous focus on business improvement efficiencies Technology leader in highly engineered automotive fluid systems History and culture of offering award winning product innovations and technologies aligned with automotive industry megatrends of fuel efficiency and emissions regulations Working closely with customers on design and engineering to maximise product development Extensive knowledge of materials and manufacturing processes together with optimal level of vertical integration Industry recognised innovation awards for plastic fuel tank technologies addressing existing and future fuel economy and emissions regulations Other leading products supporting fuel economy include high pressure gasoline and diesel gas directed injection and turbocharger lines Glycol coolant lines and quick connectors Used for glycol liquid transfer for the thermal management of vehicle interior cabin heating HEVEV battery power electronic and motors 06 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Key strengths continued Significant growth opportunities aligned with electrification and our strength in thermal management Opportunity to increase content per vehicle in growing low cost markets which currently have relatively low rates of light vehicle penetration per head of population and are believed to have strong growth potential. Although the Groups products are primarily for light vehicles it operates across both a broad geographic footprint and a diversified range of vehicle platforms brands and models. A proportion of the Groups workforce in a number of local markets are employed on temporary contracts which provides some flexibility in the cost base. The Group monitors closely and responds to any changes in customer demand on a local or group wide basis. Product quality Description TI Fluid Systems business is based on the repeatable supply and delivery of components and parts to an agreed specification and time. Impact Failure to meet customer requirements or specifications can cause long term damage to the Groups reputation and have financial consequences such as the loss of a customer warranty claims and product liability. Controls and mitigation TI Fluid Systems operates rigorous quality control systems designed to ensure a high quality standard for all products. The Group collaborates with key customers to evaluate and improve quality control standards and to confirm the compliance of its manufacturing processes with customers quality standards. Quality systems and processes operated at local manufacturing level are subject to oversight by divisional quality teams. Where necessary the Groups manufacturing facilities maintain relevant industry accreditations such as TS 16949. For more information about our strategy go to page 18 Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Shareholder plans have been developed for relevant key positions. Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Shareholder information 23 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Transmission oil cooling line Used for liquid transfer function related to thermal management systems for the transmission Our business reputation together with the trust and confidence of the people we do business with is a core asset and one which we strive to protect. We believe that a successful business must also be a responsible business and we are committed to developing and implementing a successful corporate responsibility programme that benefits our stakeholders. The values and standards that we subscribe to as a company are embodied and reflected in our Code of Business Conduct and related policies collectively the COBC. We aim to Achieve sustainable profits for our shareholders Build enduring relationships with key stakeholders especially our customers Value our employees Give something back to our local communities Respect the environment Our corporate responsibility objectives support our Core Values Customers Ensure that our customers are the focus of our business Build a foundation for positive mutual success Innovation and improvement Stay ahead of business challenges Develop new methods and skills that improve our business Maintain and strengthen continuous improvement culture in all areas of our business Employees Hire develop and retain talented people Provide a safe respectful and inclusive working environment Foster teamwork through communication Communities Be a responsible member of our communities Support local engagement in charitable and other activities that benefit improvement Since 2016 we have implemented enhanced systems designed to measure and benchmark health and safety performance and accident frequency rates at each manufacturing facility and within each geographic area. We use this information to compare injury rate safety culture and levels of engagement for each location. As part of our health and safety strategy we are in the process of developing more robust reporting and control measures in order to further improve our safety practices. Our environment We have procedures and policies in place to monitor compliance with all applicable laws and regulations related to the environment including air and water discharges and the handling and disposal of waste. We have a global energy monitoring programme which we use to calculate our CO2 equivalent greenhouse gas emissions with a long term goal of implementing efficiency programmes to reduce energy consumption and our carbon footprint. Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Shareholder information 25 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Group performance m 2017 2016 Change change Revenue 3490.9 3348.6 142.3 4.2 Adjusted EBIT 383.5 362.1 21.4 5.9 Adjusted EBIT margin 11.0 10.8 0.2 Adjusted EBITDA 490.7 464.7 26.0 5.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin 14.1 13.9 0.2 Profit for the year 115.2 43.9 71.3 162.4 Automotive markets Global light vehicle production volume is the most significant and influential factor in our overall performance. With our balanced global presence we have been able to benefit from the continuing strength of the automotive market on a global basis.