 The Chief Executives Strategic Report provides further details on our growth strategy and the progress made during the year. The internet and new consumer technologies are changing the retail environment in exciting ways and creating new opportunities for brands and retailers. Joules now has more and better methods than ever before to engage and connect with its growing community of customers. At the same time customers expectations of brands are changing and the requirement to provide a seamless and satisfying experience across all channels at all times has never been more important. As a truly multichannel brand with an innovative culture and very strong customer connection I am confident that Joules will continue to grow adapt and prosper in this dynamic market whilst always remaining true to its core values and providing customers with the quality products and experiences we are known and loved for. FINANCIAL RESULTS DIVIDEND Group revenue of 157.0 million increased by 19.6 compared to the prior period FY16 131.3m. Excluding the impact of currency Group revenue grew by 18.6 in the period. This reflects strong growth in both the Retail and Wholesale segments. On a geographic basis UK sales increased 17.8 to 139.0 million and International sales increased 36.2 to 18.0 million now representing 11.5 of Group revenue. Underlying profit before tax increased by 34.0 to 10.1 million and basic underlying EPS was 9.2 pence per share FY16 6.9 pence. The Board has proposed a final addition the Group maintains insurance cover at an appropriate level to protect against the impact of such an interruption. The Group has a policy and process for the selection of new suppliers. This includes a review of compliance with laws and regulations and that suppliers meet generally accepted standards of good practice. In addition suppliers are required to sign up to Joules code of conduct. The Group operates a programme of ethical audits across the product supply base supported by a third party agency. Joules has a long established inhouse creative and design team who have a high level of awareness and understanding of our target customer segment. A large proportion of our product range is anchored in classic products that are evolved season to season. Early feedback from our trade customers can allow us to further refine our product range ahead of significant purchase commitments. The first phase of our implementation went live in November 2015 supporting our US wholesale operations. A dedicated programme team with significant experience of our business processes and ERP implementation has been established. The programme team reports monthly to a steering committee comprised of Group senior management. A Business Continuity Plan exists to minimise the impact of a loss of key systems and to recover the use of the system and associated data. A regular assessment of vulnerability to malicious attacks is performed and any weaknesses rectified. All Group employees are made aware of the Groups IT security policies and we deploy a suite parameters within which the remuneration arrangements for Directors operate and An Annual Report on Remuneration setting out the remuneration earned by Directors in respect of FY17 and how we intend to apply the policy for FY18 OUR APPROACH TO REMUNERATION KEY PRINCIPLES Our policy on executive remuneration adopted on admission to AIM is designed to Include a competitive mix of base salary and short and long term incentives with an appropriate proportion of the package determined by stretching targets linked to the Groups performance Promote the longterm success of the Group in line with our strategy and focus on profitability and growth and Provide appropriate alignment between the interests of shareholders and executives. Alignment is further enhanced through shareholding guidelines and the deferral of a proportion of the annual bonus as shares FY17 was the first full year of operation of our Directors Remuneration Policy. FY17 PERFORMANCE AND ANNUAL BONUS OUTCOME As detailed in the Strategic Report and Financial Review Joules has delivered strong results and made continued progress against its stated strategic priorities. Growth was delivered across the brands distribution channels and geographic markets reflecting the growing appeal of the Joules brand and the quality and design of our products both in the UK and internationally. Based on FY17 underlying PBT of 10.1 million the Executive Directors will receive 96.3 of their maximum annual bonus opportunity. Half the bonus earned being paid in cash and half as a share award deferred over three years. Further details are set out it considers it appropriate to do so for example to reflect a change in strategy a material acquisition andor a divestment of a Group business or change in prevailing market conditions and to assess performance on a fair and consistent basis from year to year. Awards and options may be adjusted in the event of a variation of share capital in accordance with the rules of the LTIP. 40 Directors Remuneration Report DIRECTORS REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED APPLICATION OF MALUS AND CLAWBACK For up to three years following the payment of an annual bonus award and two years after the vesting of an LTIP award the Committee may require the repayment of all or some of the award if there is corporate failure a material error or misstatement of the financial results gross misconduct or if information comes to light which had it been known would have affected a decision as to the extent to which an award would have vested. The Committee also has the right to reduce cancel or impose further restrictions on unvested LTIP and deferred bonus shares in similar circumstances including material failure of risk management. SHAREHOLDING GUIDELINES To promote further alignment to shareholders interests and share ownership each Executive Director is required to build and maintain a shareholding equal to two times the value of their annual base salary.