 The decision to target sales and marketing activity towards larger midsized businesses has proven to be a successful strategy. Over the course of 2017 our average customer size grew by 24 from 21.6 to 26.9 and we are now growing revenues from within a number of significant new customers. This trend is particularly marked within the recruitment and staffing sector with several new key accounts growing rapidly making inroads into our top 10 customer list. The efficiencies of scale that come with these larger customers means that they are generally more profitable to CloudCall have higher retention rates and enable the opportunity to add more users as the relationship evolves. It should be noted however that their enhanced purchasing power with often larger and longer commercial terms being negotiated has had a slight adverse impact on overall average recurring revenue per user. Elsewhere across the business we have continued to make good progress. Improvements to our customer onboarding processes have helped reduce the average time between order received and go live to approximately 5 weeks meaning that new customers commence billing earlier than has previously been the case. Customer satisfaction is continuing to climb evidenced by the fact that our customer support team continues to deliver excellent support ratings averaging 96 and the number of customers required to be managed by our atrisk triaging process has portion of our software development resource was focussed on rebuilding our core infrastructure into a robust multichannel communications platform that would enable us to scale more quickly in 2018. This exercise naturally restricted our ability to launch new revenue impacting products and services in 2017. An improved platform to facilitate growth Driven largely by the millennial generation there is an underlying shift from the more traditional methods of communication towards texting and instant messaging. To allow the Group to take advantage of this trend it was necessary to rebuild the underlying architecture to efficiently expand its product beyond supporting just voice communications to include texting and messaging capabilities as part of a multichannel unified communications solution. Historically CloudCall built bespoke solutions for each CRM partner resulting in differing levels of functionality and an ongoing development overhead associated with maintaining these multiple bespoke software bases. Continuing with this approach would have necessitated building bespoke iterations of any new feature such as SMS or messaging for each supported CRM integration. The new platform architecture is designed with the software components broken down into modules and held centrally as a software library. This allows CRM integrations to be built as simpler frameworks that pull their required functionality modules from this central software library. This approach has multiple benefits in that it improves consistency lowers maintenance overheads allows for faster deployment of new functionality and increases the ease and speed of new integrations with additional CRMs. The updated solution also significantly improves the user goals 31 Dec 2016 31 Dec 2017 Growth in 2017 Revenue Growth in revenues and particularly recurring revenues demonstrates effective and targeted new customer acquisition and greater upsell and retention within existing customers. Quality and focus within service delivery and customer support drives more efficient implementation reduces churn and better customer satisfaction all of which are revenue enhancing. 4.86m 6.87m 42 Gross Margin Strong gross margins within the Groups operating units are indicative of focus on delivering higher value implementation services an effective mix of prepaid vs payasyougo telephony effective partner management and better procurement from upstream telecoms partners. 79 80 1 EBITDA Loss excl. Share Based Payments Reducing operating losses show a strong commitment toward prudent cost management and ensuring that operating expense growth is contained to the minimum level required to support the Groups growth and quality of customer experience objectives. For a SaaS business that is beginning to scale operating cost growth will be much lower than revenue growth once the core infrastructure is built although periods of investment in the business will take operating expenses higher as and when that investment takes place. 3.03m 1.89m 38 Net Loss after tax Losses and ultimately profits are reflective of policies focused on revenue growth cost of sales efficiencies and operating expenditure containment. Depreciation amortisation financing costs taxation and other one time nonoperating costs will also impact bottomline profitability. 3.01m 2.01m 33 Cloudcall Group plc 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements Strategic Report 12 Cloudcall Group plc Registered number and reviewed and work continues to improve the resilience of our systems and core platform. Whilst the Group insures itself against potential significant business interruption it would undoubtedly suffer significant reputational damage and lose a significant number of customers should such an event come to pass. Staff retention and recruitment given the importance of knowhow no individual has sole responsibility for any critical element of the Groups business albeit it is recognised that the loss of certain key personnel would clearly be disruptive to the business. The Group actively works to crossskill resources wherever it identifies a single point of failure and continues to make progress in this regard. Staff retention is encouraged by a range of staff benefits including competitive salaries variable pay schemes share based incentive plans health care pensions death in service benefits and excellent office locations facilities and social events. Staff Cloudcall Group plc 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements Strategic Report 18 Cloudcall Group plc Registered number 05509873 performance is regularly reviewed and training mentoring support and career development provided wherever necessary and appropriate. Commercial partners vendors the Group has partnerships and agreements with several third parties. Whilst these partnerships are secured by contracts and in most cases alternative partners could be found in the short to medium term a loss of support or disruption of service from any key partner could have a short term detrimental impact on CloudCalls reputation and business.