 Our previous Group chief financial officer Rob Memmott left us at the end of February 2018 and I would like to thank Rob on behalf of the Board for his dedication and the important role he has played in successfully growing the Company. Our Group chief executive officer Lee Rochford continues to deliver effectively on the Groups strategic objectives. Lee leads a strong Executive team comprising a mix of established members and new hires. Their energy commitment and focus on key strategic deliverables have had a marked impact on our results. One Arrow fostering a culture that underpins our values Arrows mission statement is to Build Better Financial Futures for our customers across all the markets in which we operate. In order to continue to build and improve on this goal throughout the course of the year we launched each of our four Group values We succeed together Were trusted and valued Were brave and creative and We do the right thing. In order to embed these into our Company DNA and Groupwide approach to our operations the management team embarked on a series of roadshows around all countries in the Group to present their vision for the business and get feedback from employees. I am pleased to say that feedback to this initiative from across the Group has been overwhelmingly positive and it is a great source of pride for us that our and are strongly positioned to help our investment partners value and service their own portfolio acquisitions our asset management business. This means we make many of our portfolio investments off market either in a bilateral trade with an institution or the purchase of an asset tail from an exiting credit investor on our servicing platform helping us to mitigate pricing pressure and giving us greater visibility on returns. Our colleagues Our people provide the essential talent and energy to fulfil our purpose and goals. We rely on them to consistently do the right thing in order to drive great customer service and deliver excellent customer outcomes. Our employees share in the Companys success through our share optionspurchase schemes while remuneration across the Company is linked to a mixture of Group performance and personal success against our One Arrow values scorecards. This means their financial futures are aligned to ours and those of our other stakeholders. Our communities We believe in working with the communities where we operate ensuring that we do all we can to have a positive influence through supporting local charities and initiatives. We have a clear strategy to support charities that focus on financial education and financial support and more generally we work closely with Citizens Advice CA as well as a range of debt charities including StepChange Payplan and Christians Against Poverty. Our shareholders We believe that if we fulfil our obligations to our customers clients colleagues and communities our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries. We markets 56 markets at a relatively early stage of industry development Arrow Global is positioning itself as an essential longterm utility for the European financial system Unique position to deliver significant growth given Relationships and service offering to industry investor participants Expertise in portfolio carveouts Excellence in data BANKING SYSTEM ASSETS European banking market much larger than US counterpart 1 European capital markets still underdeveloped vs. US 80 of corporate debt in Europe is bank lending Remainder from corporate bond markets reverse of US 2 Capacity shortfall in European capital markets estimated at 1 trillion on likefor like comparison 2 500bn outstanding NPL Stage of market maturity propensity to sell 1 Source Deloittes Deleveraging Europe H1 2017 PwCs Portfolio Advisory Group Market Update Q1 2017. 1 Calculated as NPL salesface value of NPLs. 45tr EUROPEAN 16tr US UK 22 UK 60bn Netherlands 21 Italy 11 Italy 342bn Ireland 22 Ireland 59bn Portugal 13 Portugal 18bn Belgium 5 Belgium 23bn 1 Source Fed and company estimate. 2 Source Open Markets How U.S. and EU Capital Markets are Different httpopenmarkets. cmegroup.com10431howusandeucapitalmarketsaredifferent. Netherlands 42bn 14 STRATEGIC REPORT Arrow Global Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 OUR STRATEGY CLEAR STRA TEGIC PRIORITIES Focused on achieving objectives to drive growth and value 12 TO BE A LEADING PLAYER AND OPERATOR IN OUR CHOSEN MARKETS TO GROW OUR DIVERSIFIED RISK WEIGHTED INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO Approach 2017 progress Key priorities in 2018 We aim to buy and build businesses which have marketleading operations and management We have an edge and generate solid returns. In other markets we have built the leading servicing platform for both ourselves and thirdparty investors through a combination of acquisitions and organic build. We believe that this strategy will serve us well in Italy too given our longterm commitment to the market. Our track record demonstrates that we are able to achieve the following identify the right management teams which fit with Arrows culture and bring local expertise buy platforms at attractive prices in offmarket deals where value accretes to our shareholders and grow acquired platforms swiftly after acquisition by tapping into Arrows broad origination footprint across a wide range of financial institutions and alternative asset manager clients. The two new bolton acquisitions of Parr Credit a specialist servicer for sophisticated financial investors that has diversified into small ticket utilities and telecoms servicing and Europa Investimenti an expert investor in nonperforming corporate and SME business are consistent with this approach. In addition investment will be required in order to build out our credit platform offering for clients. Expanding asset class offerings notably secured systems governance and risk infrastructure and adding management depth will involve a twoyear programme of investment. This will contribute to our ability to grow our investment portfolio conservatively with continued underwriting discipline and to our stated ambition to grow asset management revenues materially by the end of 2018 and beyond. Strengthened funding During the year we took the opportunity to strengthen and secure our longterm funding.