 This requires the hedging of a substantial proportion of expected future transactions up to 12 months and in exceptional cases 24 months ahead. Longerterm currency trends can only be covered through a wide geographic spread of operations. The Group does not use overly complex derivative financial instruments and no speculative treasury transactions are undertaken. We closely monitor performance against the financial covenants on our revolving credit facility and US Private Placement and operate well within these covenants. M M Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Halma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 23 Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued Strategic objective Risk description Potential impact Mitigation Risk appetite Risk rating Movement grow 1 3 4 2 Financial Pension deficit To meet our pension obligations we must adequately fund our closed UK defined benefit pension plans. Excessive consumption of cash limiting investment in operations. Unexpected variability in the Companys financial results. There is regular dialogue with pension fund trustees and pension strategy is a regular Halma Board agenda item. The Groups strong cash flows and access to adequate borrowing facilities mean that the pensions risk can be adequately managed. The Group has maintained additional pension contributions with the overall objective of paying off the deficit in line with the Actuarys recommendations over an appropriate period. Alternative means of reducing pension risk is evaluated in light of the best longterm interest of shareholders. M M grow increasing RD investment to adapt to quickly changing market needs and respond to consumerisation of healthcare globally empowering regional leaders to expand geographic penetration and increase local manufacturing and RD acquisitions in both core and adjacent market niches We continue to seek and develop higher calibre talent. We have increased our gender and international diversity to drive innovation collaboration and better meet market needs. Collaboration between our Medical sector businesses continues to increase with shared RD projects reaching commercialisation and sales and marketing projects like shared service technicians in Brazil. RD spending increased by 2.4m to 4.3 of revenue which is above Group target. Case study Telemedicine Prevents Baby Blindness Louise Allen Consultant Paediatric Ophthalmologist for Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge uses our digital ophthalmoscopes from Keeler to diagnose babies eye conditions remotely. In the past atrisk babies would have to be transferred to Addenbrookes sometimes over long distances to be examined in person. Addenbrookes Charitable Trust has now provided our indirect ophthalmoscopes to other hospitals throughout the region. Now staff at local hospitals can take highquality digital images of the insides of babies eyes and send them instantly to a specialist such as Louise. With innovative use of technology like this patients can receive better faster care and hospitals can avoid unnecessary disruption and the critical expertise of specialists like Dr. Allen can reach those who need it in the blink of an eye. Growth outside the UK the USA and Europe was 29 contributing 25 of sector revenue. The year and then another employee is invited to fill the role. We held our biennial Innovation focused event in San Diego California over three days in April 2017. The goal for HITEx 2017 was to launch a new spirit for innovation and collaboration and to be the start of us creating a living learning community across Halma. Collaboration has always been a focus of HITE and it is one of the powerful differentiators that we can benefit from at Halma both as individuals and as businesses. In changing the HITE name from meaning the Halma Innovation and Technology Exposition to Halma Innovation Technology and Experimentation HITEx we signified the shift in our focus toward seeing more excluding less and innovating with speed. HITEx Igniting an Innovation Culture Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Halma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 53 Our people continued The class of 2015 Halma Graduates had an opportunity not just for them to learn but to get some real valuable work done on behalf of a Halma company Texecom. Initially the group were led through market scoring tools and how to explore market attractiveness. They then applied these to 5 potentially transformational opportunities for Texecom. The group participated in a workshop on building business model and value proposition canvasses. A series of market sensing exercises followed getting real input from potential stakeholders in the new business market. Geographic diversity As our businesses continue to expand globally it is imperative that the insights and perspectives of local Massachusetts 44 01670 707111 salesadvancedco.com www.advancedco.com Apollo Fire Detectors Smoke and heat detectors sounders beacons and interfaces Havant Hampshire Head Office Auburn Hills Michigan Beijing China 44 02392 492412 enquiriesapollofire.co.uk www.apollofire.co.uk Avire Infrared safety systems for elevator doors and elevator emergency communications and visual systems Maidenhead Berkshire Head Office C esk Bude jovice Czech Republic Hauppauge New York Shanghai China Singapore 44 01628 540100 sales.ukavireglobal.com www.avireglobal.com BEA Solutions for people and vehicle flow Lige Belgium Head Office Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Beijing China 32 04 361 65 65 infobea.be www.bea.be Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Halma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 201 Halma Directory continued Businesses by sector Main products Principal locations Telephone Email Website Infrastructure Safety continued FFE Flame detectors beam smoke detectors and specialist fire extinguishing systems Hitchin Hertfordshire 44 01462 444740 salesffeuk.com www.ffeuk.com Firetrace International Automatic fire detection and suppression systems Scottsdale Arizona 1 888 786 0780 infofiretrace.com www.firetrace.com Texecom Electronic security systems and signalling products Haslingden Lancashire 44 01706 220460 salestexe.com www.texe.com Medical Accudynamics Mechanical and fluidic components primarily used in medical life science and scientific instruments Lakeville Massachusetts 1 508 946 4545 infoaccudynamics.com www.accudynamics.com Accutome Ophthalmic diagnostic and surgical equipment as well as a broad line of pharmaceutical products Malvern Pennsylvania Head Office Cuijk The Netherlands 1 610 889 0200 infoaccutome.com www.accutome.com Baoding Longer Precision Pump Co. Peristaltic syringe piston and gear pumps for use in laboratory industrial and medical applications for both enduser and OEM customers Baoding Hebei China 86 312 3110087 longerlongerpump.com www.longerpump.