 We turn over roughly 20 of our partners each season to keep things fresh and pride ourselves in finding and growing true fashion talent. Our annual Fashion Discovery competition rewards two emerging brands with 50000 each a featured collection on our site and support and mentoring from some of the best in the business. It also uncovers a rich seam of talent for our buyers and helps us tap into some of the most exciting new designers out there. We are selective with thirdparty products. We know that 20somethings trust us to choose brands and products that reflect who they are and whats important to them value fashion and integrity. So when something appears on asos.com people know it deserves its place there. Our corporate responsibility section pages 36 to 46 explains how we work with our brand partners on ethical trade and sustainable practices. Inclusive design We believe fashion should be for everyone. So we broke the mould by offering true size options for our entire range of styles from normal everyday items to hot trends. Our womenswear specialist ranges include Curve Tall Petite and Maternity. And we have the entire spectrum of mens sizes covered from small to big to tall. We also have a pioneering unisex range. Our customers have shown their appreciation with their wallets and where weve led high street stores are starting to follow. THE ASOS EXPERIENCE continued 110 people in our inhouse design team The fact that the selection from Integrity at scale will be a powerful and essential differentiator within our industry and you can read about how were doing this on pages 36 to 46. Were very aware of the possibility of disruption having disrupted retail from the outside ourselves. There are some sizeable operations with huge resources that are extremely interested in our market space. But we also believe there are opportunities within any new disruptive force. This makes it all the more important that we truly understand our business model and particularly our purpose why were here and how were different something that weve done a lot of work on in 2017. Behind the scenes The past year has seen some fundamental changes to our infrastructure with developments like the opening of our second fullscale warehouse Eurohub 2. Weve also upgraded our systems to enable more international growth and have brought our entire global Customer Care team into one large centre in the UK. Other initiatives in progress include the expansion of our London head office to accommodate our evergrowing team as well as a twoyear programme to overhaul our retail system to more efficiently deliver a better customer experience while scaling as we grow. Importantly weve managed these largescale transformational programmes without slowing our growth. Our people and culture We could do none of this without the passionate committed and talented people at ASOS all working towards our goals and purpose. Id like to thank them on behalf of the Board and our shareholders for future with confidence and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. We will remain restless and totally focused on the evolving expectations of our customers. And we will do everything we can to strengthen and clearly communicate what makes ASOS different for our exceptional employees partners and millions of customers around the world. Brian McBride Chairman STRATEGIC REPORT ASOS PLC 20 ASOS is delighted to report record sales and profit for the year to 31 August 2017 in line to marginally ahead of expectations. The Group retail sales growth of 34 to 1876.5m 2016 1403.7m was once again driven by strong product proposition improvements and further price investments across major markets. As previously noted the continuing FX tailwind enabled reinvestment at a faster rate than initially planned. Retail gross margin increased by 10bps to 48.6 2016 48.5 as price investments in the US Europe and some RoW territories were offset by a higher full price mix. Delivery receipts grew 18 aided by higher nextday delivery usage and the expansion of Premier globally. Continuing profit before tax and exceptional items grew by 26 to 80.0m 2016 63.7m. The successful rollout of ASOSs new technology platform delivers microservice architecture with fully native mobile experience in android and iOS apps and a vastly improved all new checkout. The platform allows for significantly greater transaction volume at enhanced levels of stability. A critical benefit of the new platform is the increased ability to deliver technical change and innovation at pace the number of single journey ASOS packages customer orders differently for shipping to optimise the space in lorry trailers. Traditionally parcels are placed on a pallet and then loaded into a lorry trailer. But since July 2016 carriers have been encouraged to load parcels loose in the trailer. This means theres no need for pallet wrap for the roughly 40 pallets per day saving 14 metres of plastic wrap per pallet. And following this loose load method each lorry can also carry another 8000 parcels on average meaning up to 20 fewer lorries on the road each week. Were continuing to support this and hope that all carriers will soon be using the loose load system. STRATEGIC REPORT ASOS PLC 44 We are aware of the importance of making it easy for ASOSers to raise any concerns that they have about their job and what they see and hear. We have a Whistleblowing helpline as is required of a business the size of ASOS with a confidential helpline that is available 247 in different local languages. We proactively promote this each year to ensure that we are never complacent. Equal opportunities ASOS is committed to encouraging diversity and inclusion and discrimination of any form has no place in our business. We want each person to feel respected and able to do their best. This means recognising their individuality their personal styles and ways of working.