 Our experience of managing a diversified portfolio of assets provides clear evidence of greater levels of occupational and investment activity in major cities and key economic areas. The increased weighting of the Groups portfolio to London the Big six UK cities and the South East as well as key German cities including Berlin and Hamburg provides greater confidence in future growth and sustainability. Real estate continues to be defined by technological and social disruption and businesses continue to respond with newtech initiatives to match customer behaviour. The ondemand culture created by the entertainment sector has filtered through to all aspects of daily life. Consumers demand to be where its happening whether that be at work at leisure or at home. The retail sector is responding to consumer demands by focusing on space as a service bringing together physical space and location with technology to create ultimate engagement and experience. Augmented reality beacons and voice recognition technology are just some of the tools being employed in physical shopping locations to challenge online shopping. Smartphones and social media remain the enabler for shopping centres utilising apps to deliver greater convenience. An example of this is app driven ticketless cashless parking solutions which are becoming commonplace as retail destinations strive to become customer driven and outcome focused. The growing use of data analytics is also impacting the retail environment. Knowing the customer is certainly Risks are considered in terms of their impact and likelihood from both a financial and reputational perspective. Although not exhaustive the principal risks facing the Group are categorised into four broad risk types Strategic Financial Operational and Legal and regulatory. The potential impact of these risks and the mitigating controls in place to manage their impact are as follows Strategic risks Change Risk Impact potential Link to strategy Mitigation factors Failure to execute appropriate property investment strategies and take advantage of opportunities in the current economic climate Declining net asset value total property return income and capital or shareholder returns dividend and share price growth Annual review of investment strategy Defined asset appraisal process Investment Committee reviews all opportunities against pre determined criteria Monitoring of macroeconomic and property market trends Flexible and agile decision making Uncertain political or economic climate for example negotiations on the UK exit from the European Union results in increased uncertainty over future policy and legislation General market dislocation leading to increased volatility with potential impact on property valuations andor share price Constrained access to debt or capital markets impacting ability to address liquidity or covenant concerns Good relationships with key shareholders and lenders Monitoring loan covenants and required cash cures in event of severe but plausible scenarios Monitoring proposals and emerging policy and legislation Balance sheet structure provides flexibility Significant business interruption or terrorist event Inability to access or operate properties Operational interruption and disruption Significant reduction in footfall Injury or loss of life of industry benchmark survey GRESB ensuring employees receive appropriate training on ESG issues and providing bespoke training on sustainability topics to those that require it maintaining best practice in health and safety management to the benefit of tenants contractors customers and employees ensuring that suppliers adhere to a code of ethics covering inter alia anti bribery and modern slavery continued relationship with first class sustainability advisers to provide leadership and guidance on sustainability across the business operating a robust data management system to ensure our disclosure and reporting is accurate and fostering a culture of openness. With respect to our employees the Group will ensure that no applicant or employee is discriminated against either directly or indirectly treat all employees prospective employees agents contractors tenants and suppliers fairly and equally regardless of their gender age race sexuality or disability promote staff training and development with a focus on fostering innovation seek to diversify our workforce to support the nature of the Companys operations or the communities in which we operate taking into account relevant skills experience knowledge personality ethnicity and gender whilst maintaining our responsibility to select the best candidate recognise our social and moral duty to offer opportunities to people with disabilities and doing all that is practicable to meet their needs uphold our commitments under our Code of Ethics which promotes honesty and integrity in business dealings and conduct commensurate with an organisation of our size. Any breaches will lead to disciplinary proceedings and if appropriate disciplinary action and governance Resilient investment Resilient assets Develop a stakeholder engagement programme to provide a strategy policy and action plan for mobilisation across the managed estate to cover tenants communities and employees. Independently verify the performance of our assets through certification of our portfolio during operation refurbishment or new construction using appropriate green building certification schemes. Set a property wide relative reduction target for total energy consumption on a like for like LFL basis in terms of energy per unit floor area kWhm 2. Review the Company induction format to include a section specifically on sustainability for the benefit of all new employees and to maintain awareness amongst current employees. Continue to maintain high levels of tenant satisfaction through an engagement programme in order to act on the findings from the most recent survey. Facilitate the transition to greener forms of transportation via the installation of electric vehicle EV charging points across appropriate shopping centre locations. Harmonise Company Health Safety and Environmental HSE policies across Redefine Internationals two geographical locations. Ensure employees are made aware of Company initiatives which support their health and wellbeing and gain an insight into their perceptions and aspirations. Improve data across our German Assets to ensure the ability to measure key performance indicators KPIs can be realised. Redefine International P.L.C. Annual Report 2017 60 With a sharper focus on risk management and mitigation the Redefine International Board remains confident that it has the right strategy to sustain the Company through potential uncertainties ahead.