 After tax credit of 0.53m 2016 0.08 tax charge 6. Group costs include Board Directors salaries and costs relating to Group activities and are not allocated to reporting segments Highlights and Headlines 249360 Parity Grouppp01pp13.qxp 26042018 1210 Page 2 Highlights and Headlines continued 3 Strategic Report Governance Accounts notes and other information Operational Headlines Delivering against growth strategy o Successfully rebalancing the Group towards higher margin Consultancy Services which now represents 33 of contribution 2016 25 o Improving client base with longerterm revenue visibility o Driving improvement in operating margin Clear focus and positioned to grow in attractive markets o Strengthening sales and marketing with senior hires to drive focus on data technology solutions to deliver business intelligence and cost modelling applications o Increased collaboration across the Group enabling a shift towards managed service projects whilst both divisions maintain expertise in their service lines Continued momentum with further development of Consultancy Services o Operational restructure to enable next stage of growth in both Data and Outcome Managed Services o Postperiod end awarded signicant contract extensions with ESFA BAT and MCOCS with a total opportunity of 5.3m Progress in Professionals o Strong sales activity illustrated by improvement in KPIs including number of placements and new clients billed in the year o Further growth in permanent recruitment of 24 improving branding in high growth Digital Transformation markets o Key framework wins with signicant revenue potential managed service for IT recruitment with Primark believe that a focus on Data Management which we rst identied as an opportunity 18 months ago now has the potential to become a leading oering for the Group in 2018. RESULTS It has been particularly pleasing in 2017 to see strong customer relationship management lead to a 73 increase in prot before tax to 1.66m 2016 0.96m. This was further leveraged by strong working capital management with Group debtor days at a record low of 20 days 2016 29 days. As a result of strong cash generation we were able to reduce net debt substantially to 1.6m at 31 December 2017 2016 4.4m whilst also investing for future growth. Key relationships held by the business for many years such as the Education and Skills Funding Agency British American Tobacco and the Ministry of Defence continued to widen and deepen and we were able to announce post close extensions on these contracts. New clients have been developed such as Primark the high street retailer and this together with the combination of good relationship management and increasing traction from new relationships underpin the outlook for 2018. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS The nal legacy from the previous strategy is the Groups bespoke 3D development arm Inition which has for some time been a noncore asset. It has been held for sale and accounted for as a discontinued operation in these accounts. Despite having good skills and some specic successes the business had a disappointing year in 2017 due to its lack of scale and accelerating it during 2018 and 2019. www.parity.net www.parityprofessionals.co.uk www.parityconsultancyservices.co.uk 249360 Parity Grouppp01pp13.qxp 26042018 1210 Page 5 CEO Statement 6 Parity Group plc www.parity.net Report and Accounts 2017 stock code PTY Alan Rommel Chief Executive Ocer Introduction I am delighted by the continuing improvement in the Groups performance as shown by ve consecutive halves of improving comparative metrics all achieved through selffunded growth. I would like to thank all my colleagues at Parity for their continued support in delivering this positive run of results. We have plenty still to do to build on our strategic improvement of the business and we would like to thank our shareholders who have been both patient and supportive during our journey to this point. Our focus in 2018 is on demonstrating that the consulting arm working in tandem with the recruitment division can deliver sustained growth and protability improvements to the benet of our shareholders. We aim to grow Group revenues with further focus on the development of the consultancy business driving margins and to manage that growth with continued strong cost management. Our lead oering in support of our consulting proposition is Data Management the provision of datadriven insight with which we have already demonstrated success with BAT MoD and in the Education and Utilities sectors. We believe this is an attractive area to focus on due to strong market growth rates and the impact of an increase in demand for relatively scarce IT and digital specialist skills across the broader market. The benets skills or outsource the projects in part or in whole. We are very well positioned as a Group to exploit this opportunity. We have a strong reputation with long standing relationships in both divisions established over 45 years of delivering successful projects. Our clients benet through our deliberate strategy of aligning our services to provide exible access to a substantial resource pool. Digitalisation of services is a global trend that is creating new business possibilities and new business models for our customers. Our services are part of the platform that enables this disruption driving their businesses forwards with Gold Partnerships with Oracle and Microsoft positioning us at the forefront of technology developments. Paritys Competitive Advantage Parity has a proactive and wellreceived integrated model and this underpins our consultancy business with the very best expertise available in the market while maximising our exposure to opportunities. This enables exibility speed to scale up for new opportunities and cost eective delivery. Parity can apply delivery models to suit its clients specic needs at every stage of their development lifecycle for example it can provide full delivery of data projects manage project teams to deliver outcomesbased managed services and supply contract or permanent IT skills to supplement internal sta. This distinctive integrated approach is a key point of dierentiation that we plan to exploit further. 249360 Parity Grouppp01pp13.