 Consequently the Board has evaluated strategic options to maximise shareholder returns from our digital enterprise activities. Despite GTV growth in the second half period of 6.6 overall Group sales for the year measured as GTV fell by 2.4 to 891.0 million and Adjusted EBITDA was 8.0 million 2016 25.6 million. Strong working capital management helped us to end the year with an increase in our cash position net of overdrafts to 47.2 million 2016 43.1 million. Together with access to financing facilities across the Group of c.77 million as at year end this means that we have the required cash and facilities to develop our plans and drive future growth over the next 12 months. Martyn Gibbs Chief Executive Officer Our industry continues to evolve rapidly with huge growth in esports live streaming social and mobile gaming whilst social media is changing the way games are played and how gaming communities interact. Innovative new games consoles and technologies are coming to market including virtual reality devices and most recently the Nintendo Switch and Microsoft Xbox One X and at the same time consumers are continuing to benefit from an everincreasing choice in how they buy and play games. Console price points have reduced further encouraging more customers to buy into current generation consoles with PlayStation 4 seeing stronger relative performance. 10 of Duty World League CWL Championship. The CWL Birmingham Open was held at the Insomnia 60 festival in April 2017 with 96 teams competing for a share of the 50000 prize pool. We continue to organise major white label events on behalf of publishers including acting as delivery partner for MineCon US held in Anaheim California in September 2016 and successfully hosted our first Brick Live shows in the UK an event for Lego enthusiasts in July 2017 having signed a franchise agreement earlier in the year. In August 2017 we also entered into a licence agreement with Mojang to operate BlockFest for a minimum of five years that is to run market and promote official Minecraft community events globally. This will allow us to operate Minecraft events or sublicence event management within defined territories using assets created and built by Multiplay Events. Our esports activities have also continued to develop in Spain with the creation of a new broadcast studio to support high quality content creation a new online esports website launched and a growing programme of successful esports partnerships with major gaming events across the territory including Madrid Games Week. OUR STRATEGY CONTINUED 36 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4. Optimise Optimise organisational efficiency while investing for the future Running an efficient business remains a key strategic priority for the Group and we have made good progress realising business efficiencies and delivering cost savings during the year. As discussed in more detail in the operating by the increasing challenges in the UK retail market as a whole sector as well as in the gaming industry more specifically. Principal risk 1 Strategy and business model VA Specific risks The Company must continue to develop strategies to sustain and grow profitability in its core retail markets and to generate new revenue streams in new markets. Failure to correctly anticipate significant shifts in supplier strategy technological advancements and consumer behaviour or the failure to respond and invest for change quickly enough could lead to poor or untimely strategic choices and missed opportunities. As we enter new markets we will need to carefully balance the potential for downside risk with the opportunities and rewards we seek. Finally successful execution of our strategy is reliant on sufficient reinvestment of profits from our retail businesses and potentially securing additional funding or proceeds from the sale of noncore assets. Mitigating actions Focus and discipline in our core retail business exploiting all new launchrelease opportunities and investing in multichannel development. Focus on strengthening supplier relationships and improving commercial terms. Concentrate investments in segments where profitability is good and risks are acceptable e.g. focus on growth categories including through external partnerships and optimiserationalise the store portfolio. Diversify the business expanding beyond traditional retail into related markets of leisure entertainment and hospitality e.g. our new paytoplay gaming arenas BELONG. Invest in commercial partnerships joint ventures and acquisitions which offer strong synergies and benefits and help accelerate the businesss growth and diversification strategy. Ongoing strategic review including a Chief Marketing Officer Head of Online and ongoing development of retained talent. HR programme addressing rewards and benefits performance management and employee engagement. Executive and senior management succession planning. Movement of risk in year Link to strategy Optimise 42 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Principal risk 4 Key supplier dependency Specific risks Our business model is predicated on close working relationships with and continued support from our publisher partners. In our core retail markets this helps us secure the most compelling and competitive propositions in the marketplace for gamers and gifters. It is also essential as we look to grow relatively new product categories such as licensed merchandise and enter new markets of leisure entertainment and hospitality. A change in the dynamics of our key supplier relationships or a change in their strategic direction for example driving digital more aggressively or engaging directly with customers could lead to a reduction in or withdrawal of commercial and financial support. Similarly the impact of Brexit could increase the costs of goods purchased from suppliers which may lead to lower margins. Mitigating actions Significant executive level focus on strengthening supplier relationships. Developing our multichannel and digital propositions so that we remain a relevant and valuable retail partner. Development of new and established experiential gaming concepts including BELONG and our inhouse and thirdparty gaming events Insomnia and MineCon to reduce dependency on the core business.