 I look forward to building on our existing team and introducing more seniorlevel leadership in the areas of operations investor relations and project development. At the same time the Company will look to further strengthen the board of directors to ensure it is well suited to provide the kind of oversight and support required by management. CONCLUSION The year under review has been an eventful and transformational one underscored by BVLs acquisition of the Vametco primary vanadium mine and processing plant. This has reflected in a 641 surge in the Companys share price from 1.53p to 9.80p between 1 August 2016 and 31 July 2017. The rerate to a market capitalisation of more than 78 million at the beginning of August 2017 reflects our ongoing transformation into a portfolio that includes a mining operation with access to cash flows and a potential for further returns to our shareholders. Notably during the same period Bushveld shareholders suffered only a modest dilution as a consequence of the Companys capital raising increasing its issued shares from 591.6 million to 806.6 million. We believe there is significant growth yet to be realised as we execute on our strategy. The BVL acquisition was not without its challenges not least initially looking to raise financing that at and complexity of development. We look to develop projects where we have visibility to production and cash flow generation. We therefore target brownfield processing assets that can be acquired at a fraction of their replacement cost or develop greenfield projects that have a low upfront capex and are scalable. SCALABILITY 4 Scale combined with the other three criteria will allow for a multiplier of exit value to be achieved. It also places our projects on the radar of major industry participants creating significant opportunities for partnerships andor outright sale. THE RIGHT COMMODITY 1 We adopt a rigorous approach in analysing market dynamics for each of our chosen commodities to understand industry structure current and future supplydemand balance and implications for the underlying price. Our preferred commodities are those that are in or have the potential of a structural deficit and therefore have a positive price outlook. LOW COST CURVE POSITION 2 A low cost curve position acts as a natural hedge against commodity price fluctuation ensuring healthy average margins and protection against price downswings. We prefer projects or assets that show potential for first or second quartile cost positioning. 11 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Financial Statements Administration Governance Business Review The vanadium market is characterised by a structural deficit supported by robust demand anchored in the steel market with further upside impetus derived from the growing energy storage market. Supply is both concentrated and constrained shrinking by 15 between 2015 and 2017 with limited new production on the horizon This has resulted in a 150 increase in vanadium prices since their nadir in January 2016. Bushvelds vanadium assets offer a low cost proposition due to the high insitu grades opencast mining methodology and access to existing brownfield processing infrastructure. BVLs Vametco operation has the lowest allin production cost of any primary vanadium producer. The acquisition of Vametco Alloys by BVL post year end a primary vanadium mining and processing plant at less than 10 of its replacement cost allowed the Company to accelerate its path to production achieving production within four years of announcing its focus on a vanadium platform. Bushvelds large resources base and exploration upside combined with complementary brownfield assets available in the market offer opportunities to significantly scale up production from its current level of 3.5 of global market share. The potential for VRFBs in the energy storage market could also provide further significant scalability of this platform. 1. THE RIGHT COMMODITY 2. LOW COST CURVE POSITION 3. AN IDENTIFIED PATH TO PRODUCTION 4. SCALABILITY The tin market has been in deficit for the past five years. Demand is anchored in the electronics industry where tin is used as solder while supply is generally constrained with few new development projects on the horizon. Greenhills Resources tin assets are typically opencast propositions whose metallurgy is generally amenable to simple gravitybased processing with good recoveries. Tin processing plants can be built in small modular and scalable format which allows for modest initial capex requirements. The Uis project in ESS Bushveld Energy expects the market for ESS to eventually focus on 2MW10MWsized systems with four hour duration. Such battery sizes are ideal for utilites that plan to use all the capabilities of ESS including its location benefits within a distribution network. This would also allow utilites to stack revenues and benefits from ESS increasing the absolute amount of ESS needed within increasingly smarter and more resilient grids. Such sizes also ideally suit grid connected commercial and industrial electricity customers looking to either reduce their electricity costs or stabilise price increases for the future. Offgrid and island ESS installations often paired with solar photovoltaic PV generation are also expected to be of similar size and configuration. This market is especially large for Africa due to low penetration of transmission and distribution networks that leaves most inhabitants and businesses without gridsupplied electricity access. Projected Annual Stationary Energy Storage Deployments Power Capacity and Revenue by Region Source International Finance Corporation Navigant Research 2017. 22 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 Business Review Projects Overview continued The Tin Projects The Mokopane Tin Project The Mokopane Tin Project comprises prospecting rights over five farms on the northern limb of the Bushveld Complex where four tin mineralisation targets have been identified. A fifth target is on an additional licence which is the subject of the Companys prospecting right application. The five targets are all in close proximity to each other and comprise opencast tin deposits hosted in granites.