 Admirals lower costs mean lower premiums for our customers. Over most of the last 20 years our costs have been lower than our competitors by at least ten percentage points of premium. Thats the equivalent of 50 less expense for a typical policy and over 200 less for a higher premium policy. And thats one of the main reasons Admirals brands come top on the UKs price comparison sites more often than any of our competitors. In the nineties the industry was dominated by large often grossly inefficient multi product composite insurers with too many layers and top heavy structures. Most of those are long gone under the pressure from upstarts like Admiral and other lowercost Admirallike operators who have followed in our footsteps. So much the better for the customer and an example of the creative destruction which explains the success of competitive free markets. The first reason Admiral has been and remains good news for customers is that we operate at a lower cost MultiCover Telematics 200k customers and rising 10month Bonus Accelerator one from the nineties for real insurance anoraks have all made our policies more attractive and more accessible to UK motorists and householders and helped keep our acquisition costs low. I strongly believe that a market made up of a large number of companies competing actively for customers attention and loyalty combined with appropriate regulatory oversight is a recipe points but nearer twenty points. Again this allows us to be the top most often on price comparison sites while also making a profit. Admittedly as yet a small one but watch this space. How do we achieve lower costs while delivering a great product 5 star Defaqto ratings available across all Admirals Motor products and normally a positive customer experience and why dont most of our competitors manage all three Well its not just about the constant pursuit of efficiencies by a loyal and motivated team of employee shareholders because all of us are both. Its also about another great driver of growth in longterm prosperity in free market economies innovation. Throughout our life major innovations such as Confused.com the first insurance price comparison site MultiCar and now 08 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executives Statement 14 UK Motor market share 4th year of ConTe profits 41 growth in UK Household customers 17 consecutive years Best Companies to Work For Awards Priority Ensure Admiral remains one of if not the best car insurers in the UK Demonstrate Admiral can be a great car insurer beyond the UK Develop sources of growth and profits beyond car insurance Ensure Admiral stays a great place to work Progress in 2017 Market leading combined ratio A leading UK car insurer with almost 4 million cars Defaqto 5 products for UK customers Leading telematics provider and new products include shortterm and car sharing insurance Record ConTe profit and in the US because we believe that there are strong prospects for longterm value creation in all three markets. The International Insurance businesses now insure over one million customers and may ultimately provide us with an opportunity to offer those customers more than just car insurance. with David Cristina and Geraint Q Admiral Household continues to grow and appears to be less affected by market conditions than competitors why A Cristina The UK household market is going through a period of change as more and more householders realise that they can shop online for their home insurance. We are taking advantage of that shift in customer behaviour. We recognise however that the household market is very different from motor insurance so whilst our growth has been very strong since launch we continue to adopt a test and learn approach to our underwriting. We started with a relatively cautious underwriting footprint and have gradually expanded this as we have grown. During 2017 we have seen similar claims experience to the market but our cautious starting point has allowed us to absorb this with no significant impact on the Household result. Q There has been a change of CEO at your US insurance operation Elephant Auto what does that mean for future strategy A David Alberto Schiavon our new CEO at Elephant working alongside Henry Engelhardt took advantage of a second set of eyes to judge what was good about what we were doing and what could be done better. The conclusion competitive with over 70 of car insurance new business originating from price comparison. The competitive environment shows no signs of diminishing as the top four price comparison websites spent in excess of 110 million on TV advertising alone and we have seen increased acquisition costs across most of our media channels. 2017 has continued to be a period of change and investment as we focus on differentiating the Confused.com brand by establishing our Drivers Win campaign and further developing significant projects including our car finance product and car buyingselling. We believe these innovative products will reinforce our position as the goto place for all things driver related. This investment in our strategy has however impacted our 2017 results reducing profit to 10.1 million from 16.1 million. 2017 has seen Confused.com focus its attention on what it does best saving drivers money throughout their journey from buying insuring running and selling their vehicle. Looking to 2018 we aim to turn that driving frown upside down by building on this strategy. 2017 was a year of challenges for US auto insurance. Frequency continued to be problematic with the blame laid at the feet of miles driven and distracted driving and a series of hurricanes added to the complications for the industry. Insurers looked to raise prices and they did differing amounts at different times in different markets. Our marketing followed the opportunities going into and out of states and specific markets but all the while growing. Compare.