5 Retain Awards Commercially Maintain strong relationships with retailers and local authorities Occupancy 96.1 at December 2014 Successful defence in Maidstone against proposed out of town retail See Connecting with communities on page 15 and Responsible Business review on pages 32 to 37 for further details Progressing Camberley Maidstone and Walthamstow extension proposals with relevant local authorities Focus our business on UK Shopping Centres and grow portfolio To seek opportunities to reinvest capital that will boost income generation and support capital and dividend growth Acquired controlling stake in The Mall Disposal of German joint venture realising cash proceeds of 42.1m in February 2015 Investment in Buttermarket Ipswich Seek opportunities for further off market transactions to utilise platform capacity Property investment market risks To be the leading dominant community shopping centre REIT To deliver capital growth together with a highly attractive dividend yield Mall minorities bought out and fund restructured REIT status effective 31 December 2014 REIT level dividend to commence from Interim 2015 Anticipated 2015 total dividend of at least 2.9p per share based on 2014 Proforma Mall Operating Profit Impact of the economic environment Execution of business plan 23714.04 15 April 2015 1001 AM Proof 8 www.capreg.com Strategic Report Our Strategy Priority Aim Progress and Highlights 2015 and Beyond Key Targets and Milestones Associated Risks Invest in our existing portfolio Continual enhancement of our assets to maintain Proof 8 www.capreg.com Strategic Report Our Strategy in Action Connecting with communities Critical to maintaining and enhancing the relevance and success of our centres is the role they play in connecting communities. Such connections manifest themselves in different ways Connecting emotionally People have a natural affinity with their home town. Memories are made relationships formed and friendships sealed. We create the right environment in which people feel comfortable in their mall an appreciation of place that enables people to engage in the shopping experience a connection which strengthens over time. At the heart of The Mall are our values caring dynamic and easy. We care about getting it right and being the best we can. We are dynamic in meeting the needs of our customers always looking for better ways of doing things. Were easy to deal with making sure that our customers always get a quick response to any question or problem they may have. Connecting physically Our Malls sit at the centre of the towns within which we invest and typically dominate the landscape. They connect physically with the streetscape of the town immediately outside. Entrances are located to provide convenient pedestrian access. Car parks offer quick entry and are typically located near a major public transport hub. The result is a centre permeable to visitors with natural flows in and out from the wider town centre and community. Connecting digitally CR have pioneered digital innovations since we launched the first shopping centre portfolio web site theMall.co.uk in as Sceptre BSIA awards and achieve at least one award in 2015 Achieve MallMaintain performance standards on contract for management planned and statutory maintenance at statutory planned maintenance 100 and average BSPM 94 100 compliance on maintenance and property condition audits based on PAS and BSRIA guidelines 23714.04 15 April 2015 1001 AM Proof 8 Capital Regional plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 December 2014 34 Stock Code CAL Responsible Business Continued The Environment For many years we have worked hard to reduce our impact on the environment in the three key areas of waste water and energy. In addition we continue the focus on reducing the carbon footprint of our properties. We have long recognised that any development activity should mirror this and have proactively ensured we minimise energy consumption and mitigate the effects of climate change throughout the design refurbishment or building phase. 2014 Target 2014 Performance Continue to reduce our environmental impact through operational improvements rethink projects low carbon retrofit and renewable opportunities Reduce energy by 3.5 Reduce water consumption by 2 Electricity and gas consumption down 10.2 helped by the very mild winter although electricity which is not weather dependent was reduced by 4. Water down 1 Total cost saving of 225000 following 240000 saving in 2013 Continue to improve our waste handling and management Waste to be diverted from direct landfill 95 85 of waste recycled back to the supply chain 99.8 diverted initially from landfill 8 sent to landfill after and they have proved very successful. Control room procedures are reviewed monthly but a more formal audit process is being developed To review the role of first aid trained staff in responding to emergencies both within centres and the town centres in which we operate and explore opportunities to train key individuals as first responders This continues to be explored by our soft services partner. The business already has several first responders in place 2015 Target To actively engage with local crime reduction partnerships police and other local enforcement agencies to proactively target prolific shop lifting antisocial behaviour and drug taking offences. To achieve a 5 reduction in recorded crime at the shopping centres during 2015 To maintain an average BSPM score across Cleaning and Security of above 94 To ensure all sites are trained in the use of defibrillators and these are available in accessible locations across all our sites including head office Work with our chosen local charities to meet a fundraising target of 270000 To relaunch the Mall Cares programme including a new Mallometer to gauge customer engagement To increase at each centre customer databases by 5000 people and Facebook followers by 500 with focus on timely and high quality content Successful roll out of the CollectPlus service across all our malls To develop further local authority relationships ensuring that town centre transportation studies are fully integrated and take account of the ease of shopping and access demanded by our customers 23714.