 Technology automation PrimeVigilance has long had a technology driven approach to pharmacovigilance with speed consistency and accuracy being the goal. Adverse event case processing can be executed either in an inhouse validated database or in the clients own database as required. PrimeVigilance is able to offer case processing in either of the two leading global databases. More recently PrimeVigilance has been identified as an industry leader in the deployment of robotic process automation RPA software in routine pharmacovigilance processes. In pilots PrimeVigilance has been able to demonstrate very significant improvements in efficiency through time savings and in accuracy. PrimeVigilances strategy is to continue to invest in technology to drive efficiency enhance quality and as a result competitiveness. VISION 2020 ESSENTIAL PHARMACOVIGILANCE PROCESSES ALL COVERED BY PRIMEVIGILANCE PreApproval PeriApproval PostApproval Service cycle 6 Ergomed plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 31 12 11 9 37 Acquisition of PSR for up to 5.7m Reinforcing our position in orphan drug development services. ACQUISITION UPDATE Oncology Haematology Neurology Cardiovascular Allergy Respiratory Other COMPANY OVERVIEW CLINICAL RESEARCH SERVICES ERGOMEDs approach is focused on effective patient recruitment to reduce time and cost of clinical trials. Ergomed has 20 years experience working across the world in many therapeutic areas with a particular expertise in oncology neurology and immunology and the development of orphan drugs. Solutions are tailored to meet the requirements of individual clients and specific projects clinical research services. Stephen Stamp Chief Executive Officer 13 Ergomed plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report New Business Won 54m 29 Contracted Order Backlog 88m 26 Net Service Revenue 39.6m 36 Services EBITDA adjusted 5.5m 1.5m Global demand for quality outsourced drug safety services and drug development remains strong and Ergomed continues to benefit from these trends. Ergomed ended 2017 with a total backlog of contracted work with a value to be invoiced in future years of approximately 88 million 2016 70 million. Product development Codevelopment A new codevelopment deal with Allergy Therapeutics plc LSE AGY was announced in December 2017.The multi study codevelopment partnership is aimed at supporting the commercialisation of Allergy Therapeutics OraiVac platform and could include studies of three OraiVac products. The Company also announced the following updates during the year Ferrer In February 2017 Ferrer announced data from the successful Phase II study of lorediplon in insomnia. Aeterna Zentaris NASDAQ AEZS TSX AEZ In May 2017 Aeterna Zentaris announced termination of their programme after Zoptrex showed no treatment benefit over doxorubicin control. CELSCI NYSE CVM The FDA lifted the clinical hold for Multikine in August 2017 and the Phase III study in head and neck cancer is continuing as initially planned. We believe our codevelopment pipeline continues to offer potential upside as programmes progress and move towards commercialisation. However as we increase our focus on the opportunities within our service businesses to take leadership positions in highgrowth markets the Board has in a wide range of therapeutic areas its continued efforts to achieve true patient centricity and its societal commitments by participation in fundraising activities and publicprivate partnerships. For further information visit www.psrgroup.com. ORPHAN SPECIALIST ACQUISITION OUR KEY DIFFERENTIATORS Winner Best CRO ROAR Awards multiple times Orphan Drug Designation EMA FDA Protocol Assistance Scientific Advice pre IND NDA Clinical Development Plan Paediatric Investigation Plan Clinical Study 17 Ergomed plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report PROJECTS 0 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 22 Oncology Central Nervous System Neurology Cardiovascular Haematology Metabolic Disorders Nephrology Immunology Infectious Disease Pulmonology Opthalmology Dermatology Gastroenterology Endocrinology Orphan diseases are severe debilitating or even lifethreatening conditions which affect fewer than 1 in 2000 people EU definition or fewer than 200000 people in the US US definition. Although patient numbers in individual indications are limited there are a total of 30 million people worldwide suffering from rare diseases. Orphan drugs represent approximately 21 of all prescription drugs with the market growing at 11 pa and expected to reach 200Bn by 2022 driven in part by the trend towards personalised medicine. The nature of orphan drug trials requires highly specialised providers due to the regulatory logistical and operational complexities of conducting clinical trials in these indications. Studies typically are complex and run in small patient cohorts and Ergomeds Site Management model and Study Physician group can be key success factors in recruiting and managing orphan drug trials. Our orphan experience that there are fluctuations in exchange rates this may have a material impact on Ergomeds financial position or results of operations. Ergomed seeks advice from specialist foreign currency brokers regularly reviewing the geographical mix of its operational costs and also its currency revenue streams and by the inclusion of exchange rate reviews in its major commercial contracts. Dependency on pharmaceutical industry Ergomeds current revenue results from expenditure by pharmaceutical and biotech businesses on research and development and regulatory compliance. If customers or potential customers in this sector were to reduce such expenditure in particular by reducing the numbers of drugs put into clinical trials seek to retain work inhouse rather than outsourcing it andor consolidate through the vertical integration of their businesses and choose not to engage Ergomed then Ergomeds business could be negatively impacted. Ergomed seeks to maintain diversification in all aspects of its customer base including Large pharmaceutical vs biotech vs generics customers US vs European based customers Preproduct approval clinical trials vs postapproval trials and pharmacovigilance services and actively engages with its customers to protect its existing relationships and build new ones. increased risk no change decreased risk 21 Ergomed plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report Strategic priorities Movement Mitigation of risk Legislation and regulation of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries An element of Ergomeds competitive advantage stems from its ability to navigate the regulated medicinal products approval processes and pharmacovigilance regulations which are expensive and complex.