 This has also grown awareness of delivered food and the combination of greater convenience and wider publicity has stimulated market growth. Our own investment in our digital platform has been a key response to this driving significant online participation and increasing order sizes and repeat business. Dominos will continue to enjoy two very important competitive advantages first the inherent benefits of pizza as a delivered food discussed above and second the control of the endtoend customer experience from the ordering platform through the food procurement and the cooking of the pizza to the delivery itself. Changing tastes and health considerations Obesity and related health problems are quite rightly a major factor in public policy. The promotion of a balanced diet with fewer processed foods as well as the introduction in 2018 of the sugar tax serve to raise broader awareness and influence consumer behaviour. Takeaway and delivered food does from time to time come under the spotlight. Our customers on average order from Dominos five times a year making pizza an occasional treat rather than a central part of their diet. Our pizzas are baked using fresh dough 100 mozzarella cheese and other carefully sourced high quality ingredients. We introduced our Italiano pizza range in 2016 with thinner crust and more exclusive toppings which have fewer calories overall than the equivalent traditional Dominos pizza. Our low fat mozzarella cheese has 33 less fat than our regular mozzarella. We also offer glutenfree bases and a range of 31.39 22.75 25.65 34.15 STRATEGIC REPORT Dominos Pizza Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 08 Overview It has been a year of excellent operational and strategic development for Dominos Pizza Group with continued organic growth in established markets enhanced by an increasing presence in a number of newer markets. We are seeking to build a portfolio of assets at different stages of maturity which together provide longterm sustainable growth. Our strategy across all of our markets remains simple and clear. We aim to be the number one pizza company in each neighbourhood through a commitment to offering the best product and service to our customers. UK The UK market moderated this year after three years of very strong likeforlike growth. Consumers were more cautious and value conscious and incomes were squeezed as wage inflation lagged broader cost inflation. The competitive environment continued to evolve with delivery service companies continuing to invest heavily in growing scale. Despite these dynamics Dominos achieved another good performance. On a 52 week basis system sales were up 8.6 driven by growth from order volume of 6.5 and 1.9 on average order value. Like for like sales growth excluding effect of splitting territories was 4.8. We continued to take share in the pizza delivery market thanks to our scale our physical expansion the strength of our brand and the quality of our product and we held our share of the overall delivered food market which continues to grow strongly. New store growth was the key driver our franchisees. For many of our customers Dominos has become synonymous with pizza in a way that has no equivalent across other types of delivered food. In our detailed annual consumer survey our unprompted awareness was 54 compared to 31 for our closest pizza delivery competitor and 19 for the closest aggregator source Parthenon Study 2017. The growth in the overall system creates a virtuous circle. Franchisees contribute 4 of sales to the National Advertising Fund which we then invest in brand marketing on their behalf to drive both brand values and specific promotions. These investments drive greater sales underpinning returns on new store openings for franchisees. New stores increase the visibility of the brand improve customer service as discussed above and grow the top line swelling the brand budget further. Business model page 14 In September 2017 we launched our new brand campaign The Official Food of Everything which clearly positions Dominos as an established category leader a timely evolution from our previous challenger brand positioning. The impact of the campaign in brand recall has been very strong with recognition of the positioning running at three times the level of previous campaigns and unprompted awareness at 84 our highest ever. We continued to support our above the line presence with the sponsorship of TV shows such as The Voice and Hollyoaks targeting key audiences and family home entertainment events. While the annual survey demonstrated continued strength in key areas such as great tasting food and convenience we witnessed an placed online around half of which are using apps for mobile devices. As well as the reliance on data centres and our own software developed inhouse there is also a risk from malicious denial of service attacks. Potential impact High Probability Medium Mitigation Cyberrisk appears on the Board agenda and Audit Committee agenda on a regular basis and management reviews the performance of its IT infrastructure on a continual basis. Our systems are hosted by thirdparty specialists with parallel processing across multiple sites and realtime replication and appropriate protection from malicious attempts to disrupt the availability of our sites. Nature of threat These risks could have some impact on future performance for a limited time. Change from 2016 Commentary On the whole the level of risk has remained constant. The Group has maintained its compliance with PCI level 1 and continues to enhance its technical capability and resilience. 1 2 3 5 6 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STRATEGIC REPORT Annual Report Accounts 2017 Dominos Pizza Group plc 27 Viability statement The Companys current position The Groups business model has been shown to be robust since the business was formed. We operate under what is effectively a perpetual Master Franchise Agreement in each key territory so our business model is longterm and effectively openended.