 Coupled with an increasingly competitive retail market the ability to act with agility and continue to innovate will be key to our success. UK demographic The UK has an ageing population with ONS figures showing a significant rise of the 65 population by 21 over the past ten years. With people also becoming larger as evidenced by rising obesity levels our size and age inclusive approach are important differentiators which benefit from these population trends. Financial services consumer credit We see UK consumers continuing to participate in higher levels of unsecured credit a supportive backdrop given our many years of experience in this sector. We continue to monitor consumers demand for payment innovations and ensure that we incorporate FinTech developments when suitable. Macro economic trends The global economic backdrop is uncertain with recent volatility particularly in the percentage drop in sterling following the EU referendum. Retail trends Consumers are increasingly shifting spend away from retail purchases and towards leisure activities. Online trends Shopping globally is increasingly online the BRC estimates that over 20 of all nonfood retail spending now takes place online. 14 N Brown Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 SOURCING BREAKDOWN China UK India Pakistan Bangladesh Sri Lanka Turkey ROW Trends The uncertainty following the referendum Director who will help us make the most of our significant growth opportunity both in the USA and in other geographies. Brand partnerships We are increasingly partnering with other retailers in two ways. Firstly we added over 100 new third party brands on our sites during the year further broadening our customer offering. We have also started to sell capsule collections on other retailers sites. These offer a complementary way of driving sales and awareness of our brands in a costeffective manner. We will continue to look at other opportunities like this going forward. Fit 4 the Future on track First UK site with our new Financial Services system High Mighty planned for launch in May 2017 Programme completion on track for Summer 2018 Continued focus on risk minimisation Strategy More detail p20 Key performance indicators More detail p26 Outlook The fashion sector remains as competitive as ever. Added to this the depreciation of sterling and the recent increase in inflation both represent significant input cost headwinds to our business. Against this backdrop our significantly increased trading agility and inseason flexibility puts us in a much better position to be able to quickly react to changing market conditions ensuring our product offer remains competitive. KPIs and revenue figures are on 52 week basis unless otherwise stated. N Brown Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 19 Strategic report Relevance Great product is the lifeblood of our business it is the absolute core of what we do. Progress 2016 We strive to the hard work of our colleagues greater operational efficiencies and greater investment we have achieved a 28 1 reduction in greenhouse gas emissions per million pound turnover and aim to reduce this further. Reducing packaging is one method we have used to achieve this. Lighter smaller packages have meant a reduction in the number of HGVs on the road. To further reduce emissions we are looking to extend the hours of operation at our logistic sites so that less transportation occurs during peak times. We continue to be a zero to landfill organisation. Our progress does not stop here new targets have been set to 2023. Management of our electricity usage is a key objective and we now purchase 100 green electricity supporting renewable sources. We voluntarily report to both the Carbon Disclosure Project CDP and the Forestry Disclosure Project FDP and are pleased with our progress to date. In particular our FDP score is an A minus which puts us in the leadership category. Further information on our emissions profile can be found on page 51. Every Product Our products should make people feel as good as they look The Group has been working closely with its suppliers over the last couple of years to improve customer experience and to promote responsible sourcing. This means partnering with suppliers who share our values and standards. By working together we hope to create more responsible and sustainable products that our customers can enjoy with confidence. Ethical trading is extremely important to Target 2 15 reduction High Mighty The Group is committed to reducing emissions and gaining a better understanding of the way energy is used across our portfolio of stores. We have already taken a step towards meeting this target by voluntarily upgrading our nonautomated electricity meters to automatic halfhourly meters. The energy data will feed into a monitoring platform allowing detailed analysis to take place and for energy wastages to be highlighted targeted and eliminated. Waste Maintain zero waste to landfill We are committed to maintain zero waste to landfill for the sites managed under our main waste contract. We are also keen to expand the scope of this contract where possible to cover more of our smaller offices and stores. Transport 11 Target increase kmlitre fuel used Base year 2015 2016 Target 14 improvement Over the next five years we will track our fuel usage against the distance that our haulage fleet travels. Our vehicles will be monitored within four categories split by vehicle type allowing a detailed analysis of how efficiently we are transporting our goods.