 The market is highly fragmented with the vast majority of registered hire companies employing fewer than 50 staff and serving their local geography often from one and usually from fewer than ten locations. The Group is one of a small number of nationals. We are placed second or third in each of our three primary markets with between 914 market share. The Group has a large and diverse customer base and operates across a diverse set of end markets. This provides us with some protection against cyclical trends that are evident in some sectors such as construction. Our main customer groups are in the facilities management retail operations commercial fitout property utilities and waste infrastructure and energy supply services sectors. We also work with charities government entities house builders and construction contractors. The European Rental Association notes that the UK market is relatively concentrated but this is in contrast to the fragmented and less mature markets of continental Europe. It estimates that the larger rental players with between 50 and 250 employees are 50 of the UK market. In our view there is room for further market consolidation to create scale rental players able to deliver further efficiency benefits for customers and enhanced returns to shareholders. Management team The executive team in place at HSS is relatively new in terms of tenure with Paul Quested Chief Financial Officer being the longestserving executive having joined the business in August 2016. Notwithstanding this limited time within The management is working with appointed debt advisers to ensure that the future capital structure as part of the refinancing process provides sufficient liquidity for the Group. Increased in 2017 due to higher outstanding debtor days following the relocation of the credit control function from London to Manchester and looking forward to 2018 an element of the cash costs associated with the network change arising before the benefits fully accrue. Equipment supply maintenance and availability The reliable supply of safe and goodquality equipment is critical for delivering our customer promise unavailable or unreliable equipment can reduce potential revenue and drive additional costs into the business. The Group is dependent upon its relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment and other services on acceptable terms. Any disruption in supply could affect its ability to provide its customers with expected service levels increasing the risk of lost customers or reduced trading levels. The changes in the way we operate can impact the availability of supply during implementation. The Group makes every effort to evaluate its counterparties prior to entering into significant procurement contracts and seeks to maintain a range of suppliers. Refining the Groups operating model during the year and the right balance of centralised and decentralised responsibilities have been established. The 2018 operational plan is based on improving the availability of equipment and the efficiency of our operating model to drive profitability. Unchanged HSS Hire Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 16 17 Key risk Description and impact Mitigation regional distribution centres. Unipart will remain responsible for our spare parts warehousing and will provide cross docking space to enable us to rebalance our fleet across the network. A formal agreement with Unipart was announced in February 2018 and an exceptional cost of 40.7m is recorded in the year. This represents an impairment of fixed assets of 1.9m an intangible asset impairment of 1.2m the write off of a security deposit of 4.5m and the provision for termination payments and an onerous contract of 32.6m. Of the total provision created 9.6m will be payable in 2018 with the balance payable between in broadly equal annual amounts each year to 2026. In November 2017 we sold our noncore Reintec and TecServ cleaning equipment hire and maintenance businesses for proceeds net of costs of 1.2m giving rise to a loss on disposal of 4.9m. HSS Hire Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 20 21 Finance costs Net finance expense finance expenses less finance income reduced to 13.7m FY16 14.7m. Drawings on our RCF increased during the year whilst our finance lease liability reduced. The reduction was driven by the financial period being one week shorter and a reduction in the interest unwind on discounted provisions. Taxation The Group generated a net tax credit of 5.2m compared with a credit of 0.1m in FY16. The Group made an overall loss for tax purposes in the UK and the charge represents current tax suffered in Ireland offset by a 4.9m deferred tax secure employment and development for its colleagues. As this Report details HSS generated revenues of 335.8m which was shared amongst the various stakeholders in our business including our suppliers and their own supply chains our colleagues and investors the government and our local communities as well as a retained element to help fund future investment and growth. We operate with integrity and transparency to ensure the highest levels of environmental and social governance with a strong management team and robust governance structures in place. We work to and are audited against a number of external accreditations including the British ISO standards for health and safety and the environment. We are Safe Hire accredited and members of the British Safety Council. We are also FORS accredited for our commercial vehicle fleet. Full details of our corporate governance are set out in pages 28 to 36 of this Report 2 Listening to our customers We recognise that HSS plays an important and vital role in the supply chain and operations of our customers so we take a responsible approach towards ensuring that we deliver a service which meets their expectations. Part of this commitment includes surveying our customers at all levels and industries on a regular basis to assess the service they receive from us and where they believe there is scope to improve. For a number of years we have partnered with TNS to conduct thorough impartial NPS interviews with our customer base twice each year.