50MWh for two wind farms some 50 below that achieved two years earlier6 and these cost reductions are expected to continue through technology innovation economies of scale and higher project volumes7. As offshore wind power reaches parity with traditional power generation and with some national governments setting policy to eliminate petrol and diesel cars from the roads in the next decades8 the future of offshore wind as a source of abundant green energy appears assured and is a long term market opportunity for Lamprell. Strategic report Markets pipeline and opportunities 04 The mediumterm forecast for the global energy industry is predicting modest growth. Bidding in our traditional oil gas market remains key to our business but is highly competitive due to limited project flows. Conversely the renewables sector is developing rapidly and offers us an opportunity to diversify. ALIGNING OUR STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES WITH MARKET DYNAMICS Bid pipeline USD million as at 31 December 2017 References 1. Goldman Sachs Research Bloomberg 2. BP Strategy Update 2017 3. ADNOC Strategic Investments November 2017 4. Reuters November 2017 5. Renewables UK March 2017 6. KPMG CfD allocation Round 2 7. IRENA Renewables Cost Database 8. The Guardian July 2017 Rigs USD 250m EPCI USD 1580m 14 86 Renewables USD 1830m Rigs USD 1430m EPCI USD 260m Contracting services USD 90m 5 Oil gas USD 1780m 80 15 Lamprell plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Market sectors and our opportunities Renewables prevent recurrence 26. The lessons learned and experiences from this project although painful have confirmed our commitment and our ability to deliver to the industry in general. The fundamentals of the renewables market are solid and backed by European policy 05 it is anticipated to become a major pillar of global energy supply over the coming years. Therefore we now view this as an investment in securing Lamprells position in this emerging industry. The prudent approach we have taken towards cost management in the past two years has allowed us to preserve the strength of our balance sheet 20 which in turn enables us to focus on delivery of strategic growth amid market and operational challenges. We are being selective in our new business pursuits targeting only realistic opportunities that fit with our core competencies and our diversification Lamprells operational and financial performance was disappointing in 2017. Lamprell is now entering a critical phase where it must learn from 2017 and deliver the strategic objectives on the path to longterm growth. A YEAR OF CHANGE TO THE BUSINESS Lamprell plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 goals while generating robust margins. This approach has refocused our bid pipeline 04 and we have upskilled our workforce and invested in additional resources to broaden our inhouse expertise and match our capabilities with the strategic goals set for the business. Addressing new markets is rarely straightforward and often comes at a cost. In its 40 year growth history the Group has faced setbacks pivotal decision to withdraw Lamprell personnel from a remote site which was not under our supervision. This was the main contributor of recordable incidents in 1H 2017 and almost singlehandedly drove the TRIR trend upwards. This move demonstrated that Lamprell management will not put commercial considerations before the safety of its workforce. In addition we implemented a selfimposed HSES improvement plan called Back to Basics. The aim was to refocus on what we do to manage risk and behaviours to a detailed level. After the first month of implementation the improvement began and by December there had been a five month sustained improvement despite a steady month on month increase in new personnel manhours and activity. The ongoing challenge will be to take the momentum and positive changes forward and continue improving our performance into 2018. We have kicked this off with our Safe Start 2018 initiative. Rolling monthly total recordable injury rate TRIR January 2017 to December 2017 Description TRIR Total number of recordable incidents 27 number of manhours worked 18000000 x 200000 0.30. 92 08 male female Employee gender split as at 31 December 2017 Lamprell plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 31 Q How do you make Lamprell an attractive place to work John Macdonald For the last five years we have continually placed emphasis on employee worklife balance. We coordinated an annual calendar of employee sports and social events including football cricket rugby bowling and badminton tournaments as well as talent shows and quizzes. 2017 concluded with over 1000 employees as well as senior management participating in and watching the annual sports day at our Jebel Ali yard. These events bring together our multicultural workforce of over 40 nationalities and we believe that they have a positive impact on employee engagement and loyalty towards the Group as evidenced by our low employee attrition rates long service culture and nationally recognised employee welfare awards received between 20142016 at the Daman Corporate Health event. Q What differentiates Lamprell from other employers in the Middle East John Macdonald Initiatives that we believe differentiate us from many other employers within our regional industry sector are our yard staff accommodation and daily transportation facilities the quality of our medical and life insurance provisions which are significantly ahead of the minimum requirements and the channels of communication that we maintain for our workforce to interact with management. Examples of this include Q What are the key focus areas to take forward into 2018 Iain Walker Observation and intervention if done correctly is an effective and efficient way to identify unsafe acts or conditions and correct them at an early stage to prevent potential accidents. We will continue to empower the workforce to use their Stop Work Authority where there are legitimate safety concerns.