 As a result of the inflationary cost pressures adjusted operating profit a was down 3. 1 on a 52 week basis despite the positive sales trajectory. Our priorities Building a more balanced business Our estate comprises over 1750 pubs and restaurants of which more than 80 are freehold or longleasehold. Our focus in this area is to optimise the balance of brands across the estate in order to create longterm value. We are committed to improving the quality of the estate by exposing it to more premium market spaces and by improving overall amenity. We conducted a full estate review last year giving us a plan for each of our sites. One outcome of this review was the disposal of 79 sites which completed earlier in the year. A second was the identification of a section of the estate which we believe may not be positioned to generate value. These are predominantly short leasehold sites in retail and leisure locations currently trading below expectations. Having reviewed in detail the future trading potential and brand or offer conversion options for these sites this year we have concluded that several are unlikely to generate a positive return over the remaining life of their lease. We have reflected this judgement in an increased onerous lease provision this year. Our strategy See pages 22 to 23 Annual report and accounts 2017 Mitchells Butlers plc 15 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE 44 TO 87 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 88 TO 139 OTHER with further new concepts under development. Enhanced the guest experience through technology for instance through pay at table and order at table facilities. Positioned ourselves to benefit from growth in home delivery with number of sites offering Deliveroo up from 25 to 61 and a trial of JustEat in Harvester and Toby as well as click and collect. Developed a range of digital marketing activity from further brand apps and enhanced websites to refining the way we work with affiliate partners to attract new guests. Upgraded WiFi to improve guest experience and enhance speed for teams. Secondary wireless device rolled out to all sites to allow managers to complete back office tasks whilst interacting with guests and team. FY 2018 priorities Open additional new concepts and continue to evolve and develop each new offer. Continue to evolve existing brands though new design and product innovation. Roll our order at table facility to those brands where it is appropriate to the offer. Further develop guest loyalty initiatives and extend roll out to more brands. Link to KPIs 2 3 5 Key performance indicators See pages 28 to 29 Annual report and accounts 2017 Mitchells Butlers plc 23 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE 44 TO 87 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 88 TO 139 OTHER INFORMATION 140 TO 144 Our strategy in action BUILDING A MORE BALANCED BUSINESS Last year we completed a full estate review of our nearly 1700 managed predominantly freehold sites and we now have a comprehensive plan for each of highly responsible approach has resulted in our businesses winning a number of Best Bar None awards. These awards are supported by the Home Office and aim to promote responsible management and operation of alcohol licensed premises. Were a major funder of Drinkaware Trust. The Trusts aim is to promote responsible drinking by finding innovative ways to challenge the national drinking culture. In turn this helps reduce alcohol misuse and minimise alcoholrelated harm. Annual report and accounts 2017 Mitchells Butlers plc 33 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE 44 TO 87 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 88 TO 139 OTHER INFORMATION 140 TO 144 Rewarding and recognising our people We acknowledge the importance of rewards and how important these tools are in recognising the hard work and dedication of our people. Pickaperk our benefits platform continues to be popular with our employees with a spend on discounted goods of 1.6m in FY 2017 an increase of 300k from the previous year. Many of our employees continue to enjoy the Dine with Us programme where they can access their employee discount digitally when they eat in one of our businesses. Discount remains at 33 for the employee and up to five of their guests. Over 14820 employees have received an award recognising their service to the business. Awards are made to employees for achieving service milestones between one year and 45 years. Around a further 5230 have been recognised across the year with specific ad hoc acknowledgements for their contribution for a job well done alignment ensures the right research gets done and is acted on. Daily weekly and periodic sales reporting monitoring and scrutiny activity is in place. Our Eat Drink Share panel provides robust quick and cost effective research. This is our own panel of 27 000 MB guests whom we can use for research purposes for quick and cost effective insights. Primary research in partnership with brandcategory teams. Working with suppliers to tap into their research. Each brand has its own pricing strategy. Price promotions are in line with the agreed strategy. Sales training for Management. Consumerinsight led innovation process and development for new brands. Reduce customer complaints by improving the local management of social media responses e.g. TripAdvisor. Increased digital marketing activity. Online guest satisfaction survey to collect guest feedback. This feedback together with the results of research studies is monitored and evaluated by a dedicated guest insight team to ensure that the relevance to guests of the Companys brands is maintained.