 A good example is the Khazzan project for BP in Oman where we celebrated first gas on Phase 1 extended an exemplary site safety record beyond 43 million manhours and secured a US800 million contract for Phase 2. A highlight in our EPS East business was the securement of a 10year Framework Agreement for Petroleum Development Oman PDO. While the market remains challenging for the EPS West business ongoing consolidation in our sector is expected to bring new opportunities. By building on our existing strengths we are able to deepen our competitive position and deliver more value to clients. During 2017 we continued to reduce our cost base whilst maintaining our delivery capability. I should stress that this approach to incremental improvement extends well beyond our operational capability our environmental management systems were further refined we brought more discipline to the way we manage and develop our people and we continued to further develop and highlight our compliance agenda throughout the organisation. Meanwhile the events of 2017 forced a refresh of the senior leadership teams with several internal promotions and a few external appointments including John Pearson as Chief Corporate Development Officer and Group Managing Director Western Hemisphere. This demonstrated the strength of our succession planning as well as our ability to attract external candidates of the very highest calibre all without missing a beat in our delivery. Strategic report Petrofac Annual report and accounts of 2017 backed up by our deliveryfocused culture our commitment to continuous improvement and our excellent client relationships demonstrate that Petrofac is well positioned to succeed as the market continues to show encouraging signs of improvement. Ayman Asfari Group Chief Executive 28 February 2018 Continuing to reshape the IES business A key objective of the year was to continue to deliver value from the IES portfolio and position the business as a route to our wider services. Besides the Pnuco divestment progress included the migration of our first Production Enhancement Contract PEC to a Production Sharing Contract PSC which constitutes the first such migration in Mexico and a pathway for our remaining two PECs. Meanwhile production commenced from the Greater Stella Area development in February resumed in Tunisia in May following extensive shutins due to civil unrest and continued in line with expectations albeit slightly lower on the previous year in Malaysia. Priorities for 2018 For 2018 you can expect us to continue to pursue faithfully our three strategic themes focusing on our core delivering organic growth in those markets and sectors that we know and where we can manage the execution risk very effectively and reducing capital intensity. A personal priority for 2018 is to pay even closer attention to the way we manage and develop our employees and plan our longterm succession. Ultimately it is our people who are the key to Petrofacs distinctive deliveryfocused culture and 2017 was the ultimate test. In the face of considerable pressure tiein works to existing brownfield infrastructure and will have the capacity to produce around 120000 barrels of oil per day together with associated water gas and condensate. Work is scheduled to be completed in mid2020. Duqm refinery Oman In September in a 5050 joint venture with Samsung Engineering Petrofac received notification of intent to award a contract worth approximately US2 billion with Duqm Refinery and Petrochemical Industries LLC DRPIC. Work on the 47month project is expected to commence shortly following formal contract signature on 15 February 2018. Petrofacs and Samsungs scope of work includes engineering procurement construction commissioning training and startup operations for all the utilities and offsites. US4801m US342m 7.1 Strategic report Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 35 RAPID DELIVERY IN MALAYSIA As covered on page 56 the project is a good indication of our commitment to worker welfare and despite the frequent downpours of tropical rain the congested site has maintained an excellent safety record. As ever local delivery has been a key consideration. Based on our knowledge of the domestic supply chain Petrofac has chosen to work exclusively with locallybased subcontractors and has helped them to source recruit and train a high proportion of Malaysian workers. By the yearend more than 90 of the construction work had been completed and the focus of the project was beginning to shift to systems completion. US500m Contract value of EPCC project MALAYSIA Design Build The RAPID project in Malaysia is strategically significant in several respects. Awarded by PRPC Refinery of a new field Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 187 Financial statements GLOSSARY H HSE Health Safety Executive UK HSSEIA Health safety security environment and integrity assurance HVDC Highvoltage direct current Hydrocarbon A compound containing only the elements hydrogen and carbon can be solid liquid or gas I IAS International Accounting Standards IES Integrated Energy Services. The IES division harnesses Petrofacs existing service capabilities and delivers them on an integrated basis to resource holders with the aim of supporting the development of their oil and gas resources enhancing production from their mature reservoirs and helping them to build national capability IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards IOC International oil company K KPI Key performance indicator L LNG Liquefied natural gas Lumpsum turnkey project An agreement in which a contractor designs constructs and manages a project until it is ready to be handed over to the customer and operation can begin immediately LTI Lost time injury M MENA Middle East and North Africa region mm boe Million barrels of oil equivalents mmscfd Million standard cubic feet per day MOPU Mobile offshore production unit MOU Memorandum of understanding N NOC National oil company O OCP Offshore Capital Projects.