 Satellite and Media benefitted from new HD channel sales a new agreement with Al Jazeera Media Network for global teleport distribution services and foreign exchange gains. The visibility of revenues with a contracted order book of 5.7 billion inflationlinked pricing and the opportunity to increase utilisation of our infrastructure places Arqiva in a very strong position to continue to deliver stable profitable growth. Our ongoing and significant investment in digital broadcast infrastructure 4G 5G inbuilding solutions and small cells underlines Arqivas commitment to support the UKs ambition to have a vibrant and globally competitive economy. Alongside our growth strategy our transformation programme FutureFit is lowering our cost base streamlining processes modernising and making our systems more robust resulting in improved customer service and operational delivery. Operational delivery We have continued to successfully deliver to our clients satisfaction a number of largescale projects which leverage our tower infrastructure including smart energy and water metering. During the year our smart energy metering contract for the North of England went live bringing new and recurring revenue streams into the M2M business. The rollout of the network is currently at 92 coverage and the rate of rollout to consumers homes is expected to accelerate over the next 12 months following service user testing. Following the excellent delivery and results USOs and targets. This mission critical status underpins longterm stable demand for Arqiva. A pioneer in an always on always connected world. Attractive UK communications infrastructure market Explosive data traffic growth proliferation of mobile devices and 4G rollout driving coverage requirements and demand for telecoms towers and small cells and DTT is the most popular TV platform in the UK reaching 24 million homes and covering 98.5 of the UK population. A market leader The following key competitive positions make Arqiva the market leader The largest independent provider of telecom towers with c.8000 1 active licensed macro sites Sole provider of terrestrial television network access Freeview and Preeminent role in radio broadcasting both locally and nationally. High barriers to entry Arqiva owns critical national UK infrastructure that enables MNOs and PSBs 2 to meet their government mandated universal coverage obligations. The Groups unique site locations and national footprint play a crucial role in supporting these coverage obligations including our increased exclusive access to municipal street furniture which now covers 14 London Boroughs. Significant investment would be required to replicate the infrastructure together with UK planning permissions to erect new masts which is unlikely to be obtainable. Arqiva also has long established relationships with its customers spanning more than 80 years and long term contracts. 11 Arqiva Group Limited 1 Including contractual obligations 2 Refers to Public Service Broadcasters PSBs Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2017 Arqivas history can be traced back to 1922 when it broadcast the for high profile customers including Al Jazeera Discovery BT Sport Sky NBCU Sony and Turner. Arqivas operation of reliable and secure VSAT 2 communications networks across the globe utilises a world class satellite and fibre network providing realtime critical communications to remote locations including oil and gas exploration. Arqiva uses its expertise and experience to enable it to keep pace with rapidly changing dynamics and technology advancements thereby underpinning the longevity and success of the Satellite and Media business. Examples of this include the use of IP technology to provide videoondemand services on a panEuropean basis and also developing the metadata layer behind Freeview Play. Satellite and Media has an order book of 0.2bn which is comprised of shortto medium term contracts extending out to 2026. Satellite and Media Corporate Corporate functions comprise Finance Legal Regulatory Information T echnology and Connectivity and People Organisation. 1 In reference to the number of transponders accessed through uplinking services. 2 Refers to Very Small Aperture T erminal VSAT Strategic overview 10 Arqivas vision is the statement of its ambition for the future to be central to every vital connection that people in the UK make every day. Arqivas core values guide how people work together and with customers Looking for ingenious ways to support customers embracing change and fresh thinking to find solutions that add real value Working with each other and customers in a straightforward way to ensure that Arqiva is always efficient effective and understood keeping things simple and clear and in scope on major engineering programmes. The triggering of Article 50 to begin the UKs exit from the European Union heightens the uncertainty over future policy and economic conditions. Arqiva maintains regular dialogue with its stakeholders to ensure the delivery of its programmes are efficient timely and to specification. Where specification changes occur Arqiva provides a detailed assessment of the potential costs of the scope change and seeks an informed recovery of those costs through mechanisms in its contracts. Arqivas assets and operations remain predominantly in the UK and therefore its business has minimal exposure to the changing relationships with international markets. Additionally we expect the infrastructure Arqiva provides to continue to be demanded and that these services evolve as markets and consumer tastes evolve. Arqiva has successfully agreed scope change requests on its smart energy metering programme with its customer demonstrating the customers continued focus on network roll out. SM Potential future alternative use for the 36003800 MHz band presently used for Satellite C Band Rx to support LTE5G. Arqiva continue to work with the regulators to understand the nature and timing of any decision on this spectrum and will seek assurance that any relocation of existing services are viable. Operational All The Group maintains an ISO27001 certification regarding information security which includes Cloud Security Services. Employee training on information security is mandatory and quarterly reviews are undertaken by external consultants to examine the robustness of the security environment.