70000 customers to create a snapshot of consumer sentiment. Sparks Card 5.6m customers now receive tailored off ers plus the chance to engage with a Plan A charity partner. Over 2m has been raised to date. Marketing We created our 2016 Christmas With Love campaign in direct response to feedback from thousands of customers. Marks Start Training work placements and employment have been provided to thousands of disadvantaged people. Spark Something Good Over the last two years 4000 employee and customer volunteers have helped over 240 community projects across 1 2 cities. Global Community Programme We continue to improve the lives of over 40000 people across our global supply chain. Business community engagement We help shape our business environment by responding to government and industry consultations and contributing to industry discussions and events. Exhibitions and events Our Marks in Time exhibition and programme of events brought MSs heritage to life for 38000 people during 20161 7. Schools programme Our awardwinning programme has reached 12000 pupils since 2012 having recently broadened its reach through videoconferencing. Partnership with University of Leeds Now in its fth year our strategic partnership delivers collaborative research projects and unique student work opportunities. Reminiscence work We provide support to people with dementia and their carers through dropin sessions and the newly launched Memory Caf. Making Every Moment Special We held an extensive programme of instore events to nd out from our employees how we could make every moment special for our customers. Crunch meetings. However employee engagement extends far beyond BIG One example from the year was a collaborative exercise where we asked our store colleagues what we all needed to do diff erently to Make Every Moment Special for our customers. Through 75 regional leadership events and 1500 events involving all our store employees we found new ways to help empower our people to put customers at the heart of the business more about this on page 8. Engagement can also start in the community Through Marks Start we off ered work placements to over 2900 disadvantaged people in 2 0 1 6 1 7. Over 6 5 of those who c omplet ed the programme went on to nd work either with MS or other employers. For further details about how we engage with our employees see Employee Involvement on pages 8 182. SHAREHOLDERS Institutional investors A PLAN A Our pioneering social and environmental sustainability programme continues to underpin the way we do business at MS. MS COMPANY ARCHIVE Our archive safeguards MSs heritage and shares it with the public through exhibitions and events as well as online. OUR STAKEHOLDERS HOW WE LISTEN ENGAGE GOVERNANCE 45 ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 The main purpose of building up a great business should not be merely to make money. A company has its responsibilities not only to shareholders but also to the staff the customers and the whole community in which it trades. Unless it gives satisfaction and even happiness to all expert diversity partners representing gender ethnicity LGBT and wellbeing looking at research insight and views on the important link between wellbeing and inclusion. EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY AS AT 1 APRIL 2017 Female 67 Male 90 Total senior managers 157 42.7 57.3 Female 3 Male 7 Total Board 10 30 70 Female 61340 Male 23869 Total employees 85209 72 28 23 ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OUR BUSINESS OUR PERFORMANCE PERFORMANCE REVIEW OUR PERFORMANCE FOOD HEALTHY CHOICE We want to lead the market on health by off ering customers healthy ways to feel great and great ways to feel healthy. We extended our Eat Well range and added 4 1 lines to our Made Without range which has trebled in size since 201 5 sales rose 4 and 38 respectively. We introduced a wholesome store cupboard range with 37 new products across areas including dried grains and grain pots. Our expert chefs travelled to Japan to bring back the knowledge and skills required to develop a new collection of exceptional sushi using traditional methods and specialist ingredients. With specially selected Japanese rice authentic nori seaweed fresh wasabi and soy sauce brewed in Japan it is our most authentic sushi range ever and customers love it we have already sold 7 40000 packs. R A TRANSPARENCY Our sustainability credentials are a key part of the MS diff erence and we need to ensure our strong ethical standards remain at the forefront of everything we do. We published our inaugural hold our Annual Governance Event. Our 201 6 event was hosted by the Chairman and attended by the Senior Independent Director the committee chairmen Group Secretary and a senior representative from our Plan A team. The Boards engagement with the Companys 85000 employees is facilitated through our Business Involvement Group BIG a network of 3500 elected employee representatives from across all parts of the business. Local BIG teams regularly feed back to National BIG whose chairman in turn represents the collective employee voice through regular meetings with the Chairman and CEO plus attendance at our Board. However employee engagement extends far beyond BIG one example from the year was a collaborative exercise where we asked our store colleagues what we all needed to do SHAREHOLDERS Institutional investors OUR STAKEHOLDERS HOW WE LISTEN ENGAGE GOVERNANCE The main purpose of building up a great business should not be merely to make money. A company has its responsibilities not only to shareholders but also to the staff the customers and the whole community in which it trades. Unless it gives satisfaction and even happiness to all concerned it will fail in its aims in the long term. LORD SIEFF DEPUTY CHAIRMAN OF MS 1964 OUR BUSINESS OUR PERFORMANCE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS C COMMUNITY Customer Insight Unit CIU Our CIU gathers feedback through surveys reviews and focus groups to learn what customers want from MS. Customer Research Panel Our dedicated panel of c.23 1000 customers gives us valuable input on products in development.