 A particular highlight of the Groups branded product portfolio during the period has been the performance of Progress the cookware and kitchen electrical brand which is now listed with several retailers including as of January 2018 a major UK supermarket. As noted above revenue from online channels www.upgs.com 8 We have made solid operational progress across the business. The Group has continued to develop and expand the relationships with its core customer base of UK and European discounters. Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc grew in the year by 63.6 to 4.6 m and while still a relatively small proportion of overall revenue at the moment it is increasing in importance. Online is an exciting and fast growing part of the business and we are optimistic about its future prospects. We are seeing some cost pressures coming through from China where the bulk of our product is sourced. This has been caused by the strengthening of the Chinese currency and local regulatory changes. However we are confident in our ability to effectively manage this because of our experience over many years in that territory and our strong local presence through our office in Guangzhou. Finally the refurbishment of Ultimate Products new 240000 sq ft warehouse at Heron Mill in Oldham has been completed to plan and is now the Groups main distribution facility. The Board anticipates that this will plc. He was previously the UK Finance Director of Travelodge between 2006 and 2008 having started his career at Whitbread plc before moving to Tesco plc. Outlook Market Environment The Group operates primarily in the branded valuefocused consumer goods sector in the UK. Due to ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty and tougher trading conditions retailers are generally exercising caution with regard to their nonfood buying as we head towards the end of the calendar year. As a result we are seeing retailers reluctance to order too far forward and many are placing orders later or buying from stock. The lower volumes available to non food suppliers and retailers desire to minimise increases in retail prices is creating an even more competitive environment than normal. The Board therefore anticipates that revenue growth for FY 18 is unlikely. In addition approximately 45 m of FY 18s revenue will now be recognised in FY 19 as a result of the move from FOB to landed arrangements with a key European customer. However Ultimate Products is used to managing such challenging dynamics. Current trading is in line with expectations and the Board remains confident that the business will continue to deliver sustainable long term growth. Summary As one of the founders of the business I am very proud of what Ultimate Products and its staff have achieved over this reporting period. To deliver such strong growth whilst at the same time adding a new and larger distribution centre executing an IPO and maintaining an excellent service 79.5 m FY 16 58.5 m. Brands The Group introduced its strategy to concentrate on offering branded massmarket and valueled consumer goods in late 2013. Since then the Group has seen its brands take an increasingly significant share of sales and this pattern continued in FY 17. A summary of the Premier Brands representing 60.0 of total revenue FY 16 55.4 is set out below FY17 FY16 Growth m m Beldray 30.8 19.1 61.1 Salter 16.0 12.1 32.8 Intempo 10.0 5.9 72.1 Russell Hobbs 8.5 6.7 26.2 Progress 0.6 0.0 NA 65.9 43.8 50.6 Of particular note in the Premier Brands segment is the addition of Progress a brand of Lancastrian heritage. Since its acquisition in 2015 the initial focus has been on developing the product range and packaging primarily across the housewares and small domestic appliance product categories. The Directors are excited about the potential for the brand which now has listings in a number of retailers including a major supermarket from January 2018. Margins Gross margin was 160 bps lower than 2016 influenced by two key factors firstly FOB sales which typically generate lower gross margin but require lower overheads to serve increased from 60.2 of sales to 67.6 and secondly gross margin on landed sales whilst partially protected by existing hedging contracts were impacted by cost pressures from the fall in the US exchange rate with GBP after the Brexit referendum. However continued operating efficiency benefits and lower overhead growth supported by the aforementioned lower overhead requirement and risk retail commercial large corporate and global banking markets. Prior to his retirement from HSBC he was Head of Corporate Banking in Manchester between 2004 and 2014. Since 2014 Alan has provided independent consultancy services to private companies on strategy corporate transactions and refinancing. Term of Office Joined the Company on 1 March 2017 when he was appointed Senior NonExecutive Director. Committee Membership Remuneration Committee Chair Audit and Risk Committee Nomination Committee Independent NonExecutive Director Robbie was recently appointed as Chief Finance Officer at Welcome Break Group. Prior to that and since 2009 he had been the Chief Financial Officer of Screwfix Direct Limited. Here he oversaw strong business growth of more than 0.5 bn to over 1 bn driven 34 ALAN RIGBY 61 ROBBIE BELL 44 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information UP Global Sourcing Holdings plc by impressive likeforlike growth and a strong development programme opening more than one store per week. As well as expansion into Germany the multichannel business now has over 500 sites in the UK. Screwfix is a subsidiary of Kingfisher plc an FTSE 100 constituent. Robbie was also previously the UK Finance Director of Travelodge between 2006 and 2008 with involvement in a number of Private Equity transactions.