4 percent at 30 June 2017 and A.M. Best the ratings agency upgrading its outlook on GBGIs Financial Strength rating in July 2017. The positive reputational benefits from the listing have already been felt in terms of commercial momentum. Bill Ward NonExecutive Chairman GBGI Annual Report 2017 03 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Strategic and operational evolution During the year we further diversified our business by risk product distribution partner and geography. We expanded our business into the Georgia region via an investment with a local operator whilst strengthening origination relationships worldwide. Our strategic reinsurance agreement with AXA concluded in March 2017 offers both a fundamentally strong risk partner and a commercial arrangement which will allow us to open up material new growth avenues. Good progress has already been made on this front. Operationally we have been focused on adapting our business for current and future growth investing in decentralising operations and augmenting our IT infrastructure to enable operational effectiveness. Our aim is quite simply to offer the best possible levels of customer service enabling high retention levels and future referrals from our distribution partners. Controlling our value chain via integrated operations is key and we support our policyholders via a global network of offices providing medically trained 247 support. The Board and governance The corporate governance environment of the business has undergone significant change during the year in keeping with the requirements of being public and recognising the size and scope of the business today The Group was admitted to trading on AIM in February 2017. We increased our global reach by adding territories and deepening our operations in existing territories. We built out our managed service offering a new revenue stream for us and underpinned our risk profile via our strategic reinsurance agreement with AXA. Admission to AIM Our admission to AIM was an important milestone for the business. GBGI was originally founded in 1981. The Group has evolved in this time growing in a controlled manner and establishing an international footprint without incurring a global fixed cost base. Obtaining a public listing was important for us on a number of different levels not least via the 32 million of capital raised to support expansion opportunities but more fundamentally as recognition that GBGI is a leader of standing and substance in the international benefits market. The listing has improved our corporate governance procedures and transparency of performance and position factors welcomed by our regulator ratings agency and commercial partners. Finally we were able to welcome new shareholders onto the register and I look forward to maintaining a close dialogue with our shareholders going forward. Maximising our reach In April 2017 we announced a new strategic partnership with a new Georgiabased insurance company. This new business JSC Risk Management and Insurance Company will target corporate insurance sectors both in Georgia and across Central and Eastern Europe. Whilst GBGI is already active in over 120 jurisdictions we continually assess and conduct due diligence in territories where we are not currently active to determine if its appropriate for shareholders to allocate resources and capital. Im pleased with the progress made in Georgia and it is a market demonstrating real potential. In addition to entering new regions we also seek where appropriate to maximise opportunities in existing markets. The Group reaffirmed its position in Latin America and the Caribbean as a leader in the IPMI International Private Medical Insurance market. In 2017 the Group experienced solid revenue growth and profitability in the region its largest geographical market. Building upon our established brand and track record GBGI has expanded its product footprint targeting the corporate market in particular. We can clearly see the opportunities for further product and territory penetration in Latin America and we will seek to deliver on these opportunities whilst delivering a consistently high level of service to customers. New income streams Extending the product offering also presents a strategic growth opportunity and the Group acquired Quality Health Management QHM a Floridabased third party administration TPA firm in January 2017 as a complement to its GBG Assist business. The latter was launched in July 2016 providing worldwide customer support with access to assistance on a wide range of medical services from basic enquiries to emergency medical situations 24 hours a day and in over 180 different languages. Whilst GBG Assist services Group customers it also offers its services to third parties under the QHM brand. The business has performed very well in its first year of operation and offers tangible growth opportunities with low capital input. Strategic partnership with AXA In Q4 2016 the business signed a strategic partnership agreement with the global insurer AXA. AXA is now the sole quota share reinsurance provider for the business. In addition to a fundamentally sound balance sheet position AXA also presents GBGI with a number of new business opportunities notably by providing access to fronting arrangements broadening the Groups footprint. Im pleased to report that the partnership has started to yield positive results and is testament to GBGIs standing in the market. The listing on AIM has improved our corporate governance procedures and transparency of performance and position factors welcomed by our regulator ratings agency and commercial partners. GBGI Annual Report 2017 06 Strategic Report TieCare International The Groups educational division continued to perform well cementing its positioning as a market leader in its segment. In the fiscal year TieCare hit a new high in annual premium 27.1 million after completing its largest international school account sale. The division currently works with more than 150 international educational groups a record for the Group. TieCare works primarily with U.S.centric international schools and is planning to redeploy marketing resources to move into additional educational segments and offer a broader product portfolio in 2018. Benefitting from underwriting excellence Over recent periods the business has sought to leverage its underwriting approach agility and proven track record by retaining more of the risk it writes on balance sheet.