 The commercial terms and legal documentation remain the subject of negotiations owing to various stakeholder discussions. Cameroon Government approval for the completion of this farmout arrangement has not been received to date. Impairment of Bomono Intangible exploration asset by 46m reflecting the impact of the VOG farmin agreement on the asset valuation. Corporate Group cash balance at 30 June 2017 circa 86m no debt. No outstanding work programme commitments. Under the Etinde transaction access to further 40m net carry for two appraisal wells including testing and 25m at FID. Completed organisational restructuring commensurate with our non operated portfolio giving rise to significant General and Administration GA cost reductions. Outlook Key objectives are to continue to deliver on our revised strategy into FY2018 which includes Ongoing focus maintaining the significant reduction in GA costs into FY2018. Ensuring our capital is rigorously guarded to maximise value of every dollar invested for our shareholders. Working with our partners on Etinde development options and on the appraisal drilling programme in 2018. Leveraging partner relationships in derisking Bomono. With new leadership and a fresh approach we are looking forward to the value of our assets being recognised in the Bowleven share price as we continue to progress in 2018. Chris Ashworth NonExecutive Chairman Contents Strategic Report Who We Are IFC Corporate Highlights and Outlook 01 Bowleven at a Glance 02 CEO Statement 04 Strategic Framework 06 Operating Review 07 Corporate Permit formerly MLHP7 block was awarded an Exploitation Authorisation in July 2014. The production sharing contract based Permit has a term of 20 years with an option to extend for a further ten years. The licence sits in the prolific Rio del Rey Basin. The IM5 well drilled in 2013 encountered liquidsrich hydrocarbons at sufficient volumes to underpin a development scheme within the EA framework. Bowleven has an 25 interest currently. SNH has a right to backin the PSC which would have the impact of reducing Bowlevens interest to 20. Bomono The Bomono Permit is located in an onshore extension of the Douala Basin. The acreage is characterised by numerous surface oil seeps but is underexplored using modern exploration methods. We have identified multiple Tertiary and Cretaceous age prospects and leads as well as the hydrocarbons identified in the Moambe and Zingara exploration wells drilled in 2015. Find out more on our website www.bowleven.com Eli Chahin Chief Executive Officer Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 CEO STATEMENT A Strong Platform for Growth Following Transformational Change 2017 was a year of significant change for Bowleven. Having substantially reduced the operating costs and maintained a strong balance sheet the Company is well positioned to develop its assets. whilst continuing to scrutinise work programme costs and exercise capital discipline wherever possible. Our capital discipline is underpinned by a strong financial position which will remain a recurring theme into next year. With a strong cash balance and a deferred consideration structure in Exploitation Authorisation PEA would cease to be valid. Therefore when considering these risks as a whole the Board deems it unlikely that the Government will seek to extend the existing licence any further at the current time without attaching additional work commitments. As an incoming CEO considerable effort was spent in engaging stakeholders to ensure the disruptive start to 2017 would result in a positive transformative change. Whilst the work is ongoing Bowleven now has in place a fitforpurpose organisation and business model that has the potential to deliver shareholder value into 2018 and beyond. The Board has strongly supported the turnaround agenda and within a short period the Company rightsized its cost base initiated a more disciplined approach towards capital allocation and retained the capacity to deliver meaningful progress in its Etinde and Bomono assets. With a small central team we have been able to leverage our stakeholder relationships to navigate the complexity of these acreage developments with a view to delivering value from our assets. This focus has delivered the positive progress made with Socit Nationale des Hydrocarbures SNH in Etinde which has indicated support for the appraisal drilling programme that supports an economically viable Floating Liquefied Natural Gas FLNG scheme. In Bomono we have maintained the farmin option with Victoria Oil Gas Plc VOG which allows us to leverage their infrastructure but as a non operator. Key to our business model is partnering Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements resources the Board has decided to focus on monetising the existing project pipeline. Assuming agreeable terms can be negotiated continue to develop the farmout opportunity to establish a sustainable low development cost domestic gas revenue stream with potential growth opportunities in local energy demand. We have a potentially worldclass asset in Etinde where resources discovered to date will already support commercial development but which has the potential following appraisal drilling success to deliver even greater commercial opportunities. The impact for the business could be transformational and value accretive. We have an unleveraged balance sheet strong cash position and are carried for two appraisal drills. We should have sufficient financial flexibility to realise the benefits of the Etinde appraisal well discoveries. A rightsized organisation Londonbased that is fit for purpose Withdrawal from new exploration activity Derisk Bomono Develop existing asset Etinde Relentless focus on capital discipline Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements OPERATING REVIEW Progressing our Assets in Cameroon A significant milestone will be the commencement of appraisal drilling in 2018 key to ensuring that Etindes full potential will be maximised. The strategic review undertaken in March 2017 led the Board to decide that unless there were compelling business reasons to the contrary exploration and mergeracquisition activities would be suspended. The strategic review has led to a restructuring of Bowleven as a company and organisation with major staff reductions in the UK head office and in our EurOil offices in Cameroon.