 However we did not achieve the campaign plan that both we and Bayer CropScience BCS Chief Executives Review 05 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORT our partner in the country had set for the season. This resulted in a build up in channel inventory levels which adversely impacted BCSs planned purchase volumes for the forthcoming 201718 growing season. We regard this as a temporary setback brought about by poor market conditions last season. Factors included poor crop prices restricted availability of farm credit and overall poor economic sentiment in Brazil. Strategy The Group has operated since 2011 under a strategic plan which directed commercial and product development efforts towards building three pillars sell direct to market globalise and scale and accelerate innovation. Over the last 12 months we have evolved this strategy for the next stage of our development. Our update recognises that RD activities are at the core of what we are seeking to achieve and that these provide the main engine for an appreciation in longterm shareholder value. This 2017 strategic plan i organises our RD efforts to address specific plant physiological responses and resource prioritisation that limit crop yields ii focuses these research efforts on soybeans and wheat as initial models for dicot and monocot plant classes iii embeds a replicable RD platform approach to the discovery of new small molecules iv concentrates product development on novel synthetic and defined chemistries and v builds partnerships with companies that growers trust in order to commercialise products and help us to extend these for other major crops in the future eg. cotton and oil seed rape dicots and rice and corn monocots For the first time in 2016 our soybean RD trials in Brazil featured pipeline products covering plant stresses at every stage of the growing cycle We anticipate launching 23 new soybean products within the next 2 years 0.3 Use chemistry novel synthetic and defined small molecule compounds Compared with alternative biostimulant types microbes proteins organic mixtures etc small molecule chemistry presents product candidates that are stable under field conditions readily formulated into usable form inexpensive to manufacture and compatible with current grower practice. Chemistry delivers maximum reliability of effect enabling targeting of specific plant responses and a simpler regulatory pathway than alternatives In 201617 we built the momentum of our discovery work resulting in advances such as identification of new lead molecules which can target abiotic stress responses. Our agreement with Ghent University gives us access to novel compounds as part of our focus on drought tolerance In FY18 we plan to invest in higher throughput discovery and screening capabilities 0.4 Create effective products from a replicable RD platform approach Our platform is founded on repeatable processes we have developed for predicting chemical entities that will perform then rapidly characterising them for efficacy We increased RD investment to provide additional laboratory space. Publication of our first platform and pipeline presentation As our platform process embeds we expect it to drive regular discoveries of new bioactive molecules and wheat are our model dicot and monocot crops. The insight and capabilities we are gaining as we develop full programmes of technologies for these two crops will help us to extend these for other major crops in the future eg. cotton and oil seed rape dicots and rice and corn monocots For the first time in 2016 our soybean RD trials in Brazil featured pipeline products covering plant stresses at every stage of the growing cycle We anticipate launching 23 new soybean products within the next 2 years 0.3 Use chemistry novel synthetic and defined small molecule compounds Compared with alternative biostimulant types microbes proteins organic mixtures etc small molecule chemistry presents product candidates that are stable under field conditions readily formulated into usable form inexpensive to manufacture and compatible with current grower practice. Chemistry delivers maximum reliability of effect enabling targeting of specific plant responses and a simpler regulatory pathway than alternatives In 201617 we built the momentum of our discovery work resulting in advances such as identification of new lead molecules which can target abiotic stress responses. Our agreement with Ghent University gives us access to novel compounds as part of our focus on drought tolerance In FY18 we plan to invest in higher throughput discovery and screening capabilities 0.4 Create effective products from a replicable RD platform approach Our platform is founded on repeatable processes we have developed for predicting chemical entities that will perform then rapidly characterising them for efficacy We increased RD investment to by competitive products resulting in us losing market share. This potentially threatens our ability to generate sufficient cash to fund RD activities. Evidence from the first years of commercialisation of our products suggests that although the longterm prospects for the products are good in the shortterm given the competing pressures on growers it will prove more challenging than expected to gain the necessary traction to achieve sustainable revenues at commercially acceptable levels. Align ourselves with commercial partners with the brand recognition and marketing presence to maximise grower recognition. Capture market data of usage and retention rates and segment the market to focus early stage marketing on key influencers within the grower community. Provide ontheground technical sales and product support to assist channel partners in their support of growers. Having demonstrated the commercial success of specific products seek to renegotiate commercial arrangements to reduce potential earnings volatility whilst giving commercial partners the maximum freedom to implement innovative marketing approaches. Monitor competitor actions to get early warning of potential new competitive products and amend marketing plans to react accordingly.