 LFL stores are defined as stores which have been trading for 2 full years at the start of the financial year under review. Chairmans Statement Results and strategic progress Crawshaw Group has experienced a challenging year but once the causes of the declining likeforlike sales were established management made rapid changes that clearly resonated with customers. As a result we have finished the year with some really encouraging sales and margin momentum. As noted in our Interim Results during our period of rapid growth the number of proposition changes we asked customers to embrace and a combination of the well documented external factors caused a significant drop in the trading momentum of the core business from the end of H1 and start of H2. The management team acted quickly and carefully to restore this momentum. This was achieved with a programme of broader and deeper promotions and giving back the store managers more flexibility to trade their local shop to suit their local customers. We are pleased with the recent improved trading performance and are very encouraged by the momentum that has been built up throughout H2 which was reflected in our Christmas T rading Update. The level of sales performance in our likeforlike estate necessitated a reduction in the rate of new store openings to both free up management time to recover sales in the legacy estate and to maintain the strength of the balance sheet. We opened 11 new stores in the small packs great value specific to customer needs. 3. Foodtogo sales momentum initiatives Flexible principles applied to the Butchers Kitchen foodtogo menu. Reintroduce the old favourites specific to local customer needs. Introduction of more valueled promotions e.g. cooked chickensportions. Price rollback and flexibility for managers to price menu items locally. Local supplier flexibility to maximise choice quality and value. Customer driven marketing incentives We will also maintain a disciplined approach to our growth strategy which means it is imperative that the pace and timings of the store openings are managed correctly. Accordingly we have signed the lease for our next factory shop which is scheduled to open in May with a sufficient pipeline and capability to open a further 4 factory shops during FY 2018. Outlook for 2018 The UK grocery market will remain competitive and with industrywide pressures emerging in commodities and labour costs the UK consumer outlook will continue to be more challenging than we have seen in recent years. Whilst we would ordinarily expect these to have a modest impact on margin in the short term we believe that with our cost management measures and margin additive initiatives together with the expected cost reduction in our business rates we are well placed to navigate through this challenging environment. Indeed it has been very encouraging to see that we have already proven we are capable and well placed to meet multiple challenges simultaneously whether they are internally or externally driven. This year has started in line with our pace of rollout and investment in central resource. Summary It has been a year of considerable change and challenge as we have navigated through some unexpected external impacts in addition to experiencing some growing pains from significantly scaling up a small entrepreneurial business. We have now achieved a level of stability in the business which allows us to appraise and plan for the numerous growth opportunities available to the Group. Alan Richardson Chief Financial Officer 25 April 2017 Crawshaw Group Plc Annual Report 52 weeks ended 29 January 201 7 08 Our management team have extensive experience in sourcing quality meat products from tried and tested local and international suppliers at the lowest possible prices. Whilst we do buy longer term to ensure that we have a core range of products we pride ourselves on identifying key lines in the spot market that offer value to our customers. We have our own distribution centres where we control additional processing and logistics as well as the production of our own award winning sausages beef burgers beef mince and grill sticks. Our retail outlets are manned with skilled butchers who are happy to help customers with advice on choosing the right product in the right quantities as well as how to cook it. The Board is focussed on growing the business through identifying new profitable store locations and investing resources in a controlled expansion programme whilst ensuring the core business continues to deliver quality products and excellent customer service at competitive prices New store locations are regularly reviewed for suitability to growreplace our existing retail estate. New products are researched tested and trialled frequently. Customer feedback is sought and reviewed on an ongoing basis. Key price points from competitors are monitored regularly. Our food safety management systems are continually reviewed and updated to ensure our procedures are in line with the highest standards. As raw meat is a traded commodity the business operates in an environment where input prices can fluctuate based on worldwide natural and economic factors such as a growing world population climate change exchange rates and changing dietary habits. The Company s purchasing and sales strategy is designed to minimise these risks by ensuring i we sell a broad range of products and in particular as we split into 2 complementary retail areas we cover 2 distinct customer types rather than relying on one product one customer and ii we use a broad range of tried and tested suppliers across the globe rather than relying on any specific supplier or region. Strategy and Business Model Freshly prepared roast chickens gammon and pork joints hot roast sandwiches shop cooked curries and casseroles chicken and chips as well as other traditional deli products. Hot and cold cooked food We have a wide range of products sold either i loose in a serve over counter for the traditional experience or ii as multi buy packs on supermarket style multi deck counters which have all been cut and packaged in store.