 I am a trained appraiser and carry out regular appraisals on Medica radiologists for whom Medica is their designated body. I am also involved in writing annual reports for Medica radiologists to present at their n Hs appraisals. I sit on the clinical governance committee which meets fortnightly to review all serious discrepancies root cause analyses and any concerns about performance of radiologists or radiographers. I was appointed as clinical audit lead on 1st January 2018. Its true to say now that NHS radiologists balance a variety of responsibilities working in the NHS outofhours in private practice for teleradiology providers and teaching and research. Youve also chosen to adopt the modern concept of a portfolio career why was this attractive to you I enjoy the variety of my job. I can report from the convenience of my own home without constant interruptions which means I can really focus on what I am doing and provide timely and accurate reports. My reporting lists are tailored to my areas of expertise and by reporting for a number of specialist neurological centres I feel I have been able to develop my expertise. t here is no pressure to hurry the reports and I have the time to look up interesting cases as I go along which is great for learning. It can be across the u K increasing yearonyear and continued shortages of radiologists to provide increasingly complex diagnostic reports. Medica as the market leader in teleradiology are leading the way to support the n Hs through the use of technology to bridge geographical and specialist gaps in resource and using its technical and clinical infrastructure to increase reporting productivity. t he high quality of Medicas clinical governance process has given clients more confidence in outsourcing. Increasingly n Hs t rusts are planning their activities around a deeper partnership with Medica and our services are more embedded within departments than ever before. Although the overall proportion of scans outsourced remains modest the proportion is growing as the market develops. Medica continues to attract new clients but the primary reason for growth is through additional reporting for existing customers. Gross profit margin edged down from 49.8 to 48.7 as anticipated reflecting the ongoing renewal of the Groups contracts at marginally lower prices as the teleradiology market develops and outsourcing becomes normal practice. Increases in sales volume for our n Hs services more than offset the reduction in average price in 2017 from anticipated pricing pressures. Recruitment Recruitment remained a key focus during 2017 and we significantly increased the number of radiologists from 248 at the start of the year to 306 at 31st december to meet growing market demand. Investment in recruitment retention and training are priorities for the business as we seek to ensure radiologists are supported at all times that the reporting experience is as smooth and efficient as possible and that radiologists can work in a high quality clinical environment. Word of mouth recommendations from existing Medica radiologists who contract with the Group has become the most significant factor in bringing new radiologists into the recruitment process to be converted by our skilled recruitment team. In addition the Group maintains a presence at many specialist and national events and maintains a database of candidates for recruitment. Medicas recruitment pipeline remains stronger than ever. Continued investment and development during 2017 we have continued to invest in our clinical governance technical and operational infrastructure and processes and we continue to raise the bar for the quality of teleradiology services in the u K. t he clinical governance base is arguably the strongest element of Medicas offering giving clients the confidence to outsource greater volumes and more complex work. Work in this area has continued apace in 2017 with particular emphasis on improving the quality of clinical internal audit and managing clinical issues. 18 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 As volumes grow it is important to continue to improve the operational processes so as to be able to deal with increasing volume whilst minimising cost increases. c onsiderable effort has gone into refining workflow management processes and as the proportion of more specialist exams increases the balancing of capacity and demand in a timely manner is more important than ever. t here has been considerable investment in Medicas technical specialist services currently under development. After an initial piloting stage these services can be expanded to new and existing clients. t he Group has a strong clinical governance structure including an internal clinical audit function focused on maintaining the high clinical and service standards of Medica radiologists. Having been approached by our customers and others to audit their own inhouse radiology departments there is a clear opportunity to market this service to existing and new clients. Medica has developed bespoke software in 2017 to facilitate this service with a view to growing demand in 2018. Broader Opportunities t he directors believe that there are a number of wider telehealth and broader healthcare opportunities that the Group would be wellplaced to take advantage of. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED 19 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview t hese are considered longerterm opportunities and would likely require investment in additional expertise to augment that already in place and in some circumstances may be better achieved through acquisition. t he Board intends to develop plans for some of these opportunities in coming periods. Outlook l ooking forward to 2018 the year has started well with trading in line with the Boards expectations. t he prospects for new work from existing and new clients and the pipeline for recruiting radiologists in the new financial year continues to be strong which gives me confidence in our outlook for 2018.