7 million. This will enable us to further deepen the success of our franchises reach new audiences enrich the audience experience and continue to grow their number. We continue to develop our organisation to fulfi l our goals. In particular we are focusing on our management teams and our infrastructure. As noted in last years report Jonathan Milner stepped down from the Board as a NonExecutive Director in July 2016 and Charles Cotton joined in his place. I would like to again express my thanks to Jonathan who was a great help during our transition. Charles has a successful worldwide track record in highgrowth technology companies and has been a valuable source of advice and wisdom since he joined the Board. In April 2017 we further strengthened the Board with the appointment of Alex Bevis as CFO and Company Secretary. Alex brings extensive board experience as VP Finance and CFO of high technology growth companies from his work at CSR plc and Xaar plc. I am delighted with our results and excited about our future. On behalf of the Board I take this opportunity to thank our people for their dedication engagement skill and professionalism that has produced such pleasing progress for the Company. DAVID GAMMON NONEXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 7 September 2017 DAVID GAMMON NONEXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN STRATEGIC REPORT FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 03 CREATING FRANCHISES In 2013 we set out our plan to transition the business from workforhire to structure and facilities to effectively create develop market and sell even more distinct franchises aimed at different audience segments to achieve the Companys ambition to create a selfpublishing multifranchise success story. STRATEGIC REPORT FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 05 DEVELOPING OUR BUSINESS TO ACHIEVE REPEATABLE SUCCESS We invest our development resources in games with strong franchise potential. In order to maximise the return on our core skills and assets we target game genres where we have established expertise and intellectual property. OUR STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL How we create and nurture our franchises a level more appropriate to the local economy as we did with Planet Coaster in China in February 2017. In particular we note the growing Chinese market for premium PC games. Importantly the recent strategic investment in our business by Tencent will allow us to more easily take advantage of their unparalleled expertise and distribution capabilities in their home market for our franchises. Major new releases will be key drivers of revenue. Because of the small number of franchises and relatively infrequent major releases Frontier is currently able to make revenue is sensitive to the specific schedule of such releases and may therefore exhibit stepped behaviour as those new franchises are released. In the future as we successfully scale the number and frequency of franchise releases annual revenue growth should accelerate and our dependency on each major release should decrease. Our development process uses our proprietary COBRA development tools and technology to facilitate innovative office space on the Cambridge Science Park. Our development focus is on PC and console titles as together these segments represent the majority of the available market by revenue and generally the audiences on these platforms have valued games that exhibit Frontiers key development strengths. We use online channels to create and engage with a fanbase or community during game development which provides a valuable source of feedback and an enthusiastic community for each franchise before first release. BUILDING PLAYER NUMBERS AND ENGAGEMENT CREATE Frontier uses experience gained from a track record in the games industry over three decades to create franchises that build on our worldclass expertise. HIGH QUALITY INNOVATIVE EXPERIENCES NURTURE Frontier avoids paytowin features instead continuing to expand each franchise offering through an ongoing program of free and paidfor expansions and addons BOOST PLAYER EXPERIENCE INCREASING AWARENESS FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 06 In order to maximise the return on our core skills and assets we target game genres on PC and console platforms where we believe we can both i deliver high quality differentiated offerings using our established expertise and intellectual property and ii have a strong chance of successful market entry based on past experience or knowledge of that sector. We use this repeatable model to invest our resources with the intention of creating worldclass games with strong franchise potential and plan for strong postlaunch franchise support to further help realise this potential. We will continue to grow the capacity and capability game continues to grow steadily helped by the regular updates. Having the base game and Horizons seasons of expansions in the market covers midprice entry to the franchise with an upgrade path and we bundle the two together with ingame digital items to create a Deluxe edition for a premium price point entry. We believe each product in the franchise offers great value and our further ingame monetisation avoids paytowin game mechanics. The Elite Dangerous franchise continues to perform strongly and we continue to focus on enhancements within the strategy of further improving perceived quality and sentiment adding signi cant longterm new features and supporting the unique evolving playerdriven story which all players experience together. We expect to further expand the player base over the next nancial year adding new content and increasing the audience. PLANETARY LANDINGS DECEMBER 2015 Expanded gameplay to planetary surfaces for the rst time. THE ENGINEERS MAY 2016 PC JUNE 2016 XBOX ONE Added loot and crafting mechanics to the game to allow players to upgrade the performance of their ship and weapons. CONTINUING TO BLAZE A TRAIL FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 08 2.2 2.3 2.4 FUTURE DEVELOPMENT ONGOING We have announced that the season pass business model will be superseded by an alternative after the release of 2.4 The Return. THE GUARDIANS OCTOBER 2016 Expanded the gameplay possibilities of each ship by adding shiplaunched ghters.