 David Forbes who has served as a nonexecutive Director since June 2011 will assume the position of Chairman providing continuity of leadership and I wish David every success going forward. Strategy The Groups operations focus on delivering essential infrastructure maintenance tasks in targeted regulated markets within the UK. As a result we have not experienced any adverse impact following the UKs announcement of its intention to withdraw from the European Union nor do we expect to. We deliver our services through our clients nondiscretionary operational expenditure programmes which provide good visibility of future opportunities and sustainable earnings streams. We continue to seek out appropriate earnings enhancing acquisitions in our Engineering Services markets. In November 2016 we acquired Giffen a specialist mechanical electrical and power services provider in the rail market. Integration with our existing rail business has gone well and we believe that our enhanced rail offering strengthens our ability to address additional framework opportunities in Network Rails next funding period CP6. In Specialist Building the Group focuses on the High Quality Residential market in London and the Home Counties where we have particular skills in major engineering structural works to extend or reconfigure high value properties. Outlook The Group is well positioned for the 201718 financial year. Bank debt will have been completely repaid by 31 March 2018. Following a year in which Specialist Building revenue has been particularly high we expect that it will reduce perhaps by as much as 35m in the 201718 financial year. We remain confident that we will continue to deliver stable operating profits in that business. In Engineering Services the order book provides a solid foundation for continued growth. The Board looks forward with confidence to the Group continuing to deliver further strong financial results. R J Harrison OBE Chairman 21 November 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Renew Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executives review ESSENTIAL INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING These strong results demonstrate that our focus on delivering essential maintenance services in regulated markets continues to provide robust longterm opportunities. Operational Review Engineering Services Revenue has grown to 452.4m 2016 436.2m including 2.2m from a joint venture. During the year activity levels in the Environmental market have been strong particularly on the current AMP6 investment programme which has seen clients programmes move from early planning and design phases into delivery. In Energy revenue was lower than 2016 as we withdrew from the lossmaking small diameter lowpressure gas market and a major scheme we were involved with at Sellafield moved into the commissioning phase. In Infrastructure revenue in both Rail and Wireless Telecoms increased. Our integrated multidisciplinary services are essential to clients responsible for delivering maintenance and renewals programmes in regulated markets. Our selectivity and direct delivery model has resulted in an operating profit prior to impairment amortisation and exceptional items of 25.1m 2016 21.5m an increase of 3.6m 16.7. The operating margin on this basis improved to 5.6 2016 4.9 We believe that the Group is particularly strongly placed to benefit from this spending profile. The acquisition of Giffen has increased our opportunities in the Rail market including London Underground. Already schemes incorporating the joint skill sets of Giffen and Amco Rail have been secured and we expect this to represent an increasing proportion of our work in the Rail sector going forward. In Wireless Telecoms we continue to see profitability improve in a market driven by increasing demand for capacity and better geographical coverage particularly on the 4G rollout programme. Renew Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 8 STRATEGIC REPORT Operational Review continued Specialist Building Revenue was 106.8m 2016 90.5m with an operating profit of 2.4m 2016 2.3m. At the year end the order book stood at 73m 2016 95m. In Specialist Building where we focus on the High Quality Residential market in London and the Home Counties the forward order book can vary from period to period dependent on the timing of client projects. Renews focus remains on delivering stable operating profits whilst reducing risk through contract selectivity and management of contract terms. Summary The Group remains committed to the growth of its Engineering Services business where appropriate margins can be delivered. Our established strategy focuses on Infrastructure markets with nondiscretionary longterm funding Operational expenditure budgets for renewal and maintenance operations Utilising our directly employed workforce to develop relationships built on responsiveness The UK is committed to longterm investment in its critical infrastructure networks. The Group has the nuclear legacy continues. The latest government forecast to manage the whole of the mission is 70bn discounted at todays prices with a programme lasting until 2120. The Nuclear Decommissioning Authoritys mediumterm forecasts indicate a rate of expenditure of around 3bn per annum with around 70 of this commitment at Sellafield. New nuclear power is an essential part of the governments objective of delivering a sustainable and lowcarbon energy future to meet increasing demand. Thermal renewable and gas infrastructure There remain good opportunities in the renewable energy market as the UK responds to increasing energy demand whilst looking to deliver its targets for renewable power generation. In gas the regulator Ofgem has mandated the replacement of the ageing gas distribution network over a thirty year period to 2032. ENVIRONMENTAL Water UK water companies regulated by Ofwat undertake longterm investment programmes on their infrastructure networks. In the current five year investment period AMP6 we estimate our clients Northumbrian Water Wessex Water and Dwr Cymru Welsh Water will spend around 3.2bn on maintaining their water infrastructure assets. The UK government has also committed a record 2.3bn investment in coastal and river flood risk management to 2021. Land remediation The Environment Agency estimates that in England and Wales approximately 300000 hectares of land could potentially be affected by historical contamination. In the UK the focus on brownfield land as a potential solution to the UKs land shortage provides opportunities for our remediation services.