 Diffusion design from Anthologys collection of statement wallcoverings Definition. A selection of fabrics from Clarke Clarkes Halcyon collection. Our design studios are at the heart of everything we do creating inspiring design concepts for each spring and autumn selling season and developing them into beautifully presented collections of fabrics and wallpapers. In addition to these core activities our studios work closely to ensure the best possible interpretation of our designs for the development of new product categories and markets. The acquisition of Clarke Clarke will accelerate the progression of the Groups market penetration strategy and complement the Groups existing brands. Walker Greenbank PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 STRATEGY IN ACTION LIFESTYLE PRODUCT EXTENSION BUILDING ON EXISTING RELATIONSHIPS AND FORMING NEW PARTNERSHIPS BOTH IN THE UK AND INTERNATIONAL MARKETS. New towels featuring Scions iconic characters Mr Fox and Spike. Floreale rug from Harlequins collaboration with Brink and Campman. The uplift in activity both with our existing and new partners following the appointment of a new Licensing Director with dedicated staff in early 2015 began to reap its rewards in 2016. In addition to growing our product offer and extending our brand positioning with existing partners 2016 saw the introduction of new product categories including giftware kitchenware kitchen textiles and fashion. As well as securing product line extensions with almost all of our established partners in the UK Japan France Holland and Australia new and exciting particular aptitudes and abilities. Whenever possible arrangements are made for the continuing employment of persons who have become disabled during service and for appropriate training of all disabled employees who are given equal consideration with all other employees in promotion and career development. ENVIRONMENT Both factories have environmental policies and actively seek to reduce their impact on the environment through responsible sourcing of raw materials responsible waste handling and recycling where economically viable and emissions monitoring in accordance with environmental permits. Third party suppliers to the Brands are issued a set of quality and operational standards to which they are expected to adhere which includes their confirmation that they conduct their business within all applicable laws with regard to human rights pay working conditions and health and safety. This report was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 April 2017 and signed on its behalf by John Sach Group Chief Executive VIABILITY STATEMENT The Group meets its daytoday working capital requirements through its bank facilities of up to 12.5 million. The Groups forecasts taking into account the Boards future expectations of the Groups performance indicate that there is sufficient headroom within these bank facilities and the Group will continue to operate well within the covenants attaching to those facilities. The Directors assessment has been made with reference to the resilience of the Group and its strong financial position the Groups current strategy the Boards risk appetite and the Groups principal risks and how these are managed as described in LAST YEAR TO 76.6 MILLION AS A RESULT OF CONTINUED INVESTMENT IN DESIGN MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION AND FROM NEW PRODUCT LAUNCHES. Page 25 Page 28 Page 31 Page 26 Page 29 Page 32 Page 27 Page 30 Page 33 Walker Greenbank PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TIMELESSLY ELEGANT PRODUCTS THAT CELEBRATE THE ENGLISH COUNTRYSIDE Founded in 1860 and granted the Royal Warrant in 1923 Sanderson is one of the most renowned interiors brands worldwide. Sanderson is famous for its signature style that is informed by its heritage and designed for modern living. Combining classic countryinspired handdrawn patterns with fresh vibrant colours its products bring a timeless and easy elegance to family life. The Woodland Walk collection launched in 2016 was a standout success with its beautifully drawn natureinspired patterns in their Potting Shed colours. The early indicators are that the Art of the Garden collection launched in January 2017 will enjoy a similar outcome. 26 BEAUTIFULLY CRAFTED PRODUCTS THAT UPHOLD THE LEGACY OF WILLIAM MORRIS Steeped in history Morris Co. dates back to 1861 when the acclaimed designer William Morris founded his first company. As custodians of the original company Morris Co. today preserves its unique Arts and Crafts heritage within its modern interpretations. Designs are often inspired by their extensive Morris Co. archive which houses historical log books samples of every wallpaper printed and woven textiles and the original wooden printing blocks. The Pure Morris range is in perfect harmony with Morris values of craftsmanship and expertly executed offering a unique combination of gravure rotary flexo surface print and hand screen printing methods. As well as producing for the Walker Greenbank brands it also produces for many third party customers in the UK and overseas. Anstey continues to invest in innovative techniques including a scatter machine to produce exciting new texture effects and most recently in widewidth digital printing. Standfast Barracks has a heritage stretching back almost 90 years and is acknowledged as a worldwide leader in its field using a variety of conventional rotary and flatbed screen printing techniques to produce beautiful prints for many of the worlds finest designled home furnishings and apparel brands. A programme of investments in the latest CAD and printing technology has positioned Standfast at the forefront of the digital revolution in fabric printing with a rapidly expanding customer base around the world. Walker Greenbank PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 32 ACQUIRED BY WALKER GREENBANK IN 2016 CLARKE CLARKE WAS FOUNDED IN 1999 BY HUSBAND AND WIFE TEAM LEE AND EMMA CLARKE Clarke Clarkes creative vision began with an ambition to create products that would inspire both consumers and interior designers underpinned by impeccable service. Seventeen years on the company distributes fabrics and wallcoverings to over 90 countries and their energy and enthusiasm has certainly delivered against their ambition to provide quality innovation and excellence in customer service.