 During the course of the last nancial year our key brands have beneted from continued investment and innovation. IRNBRU and Rubicon in particular exit the full year with strong momentum based on positive brand fundamentals. Strategy In times of elevated uncertainty clarity of purpose and consistency of approach yield the best outcome in our experience. We have remained consistent to our approach and principles across the past year focusing on strongly dierentiated brands eective and exible operations innovation based on consumer understanding growth driven partnerships and leveraging the strength and commitment of our teams. In each of these areas we have invested eort and resources to drive improvement and thus increase competitiveness. Our innovation has been instrumental in building our portfolio into the lower and no sugar consumer space and our technical developments in this area are critical to our future success. Our investment in our assets and infrastructure has continued with the introduction of new glass lling capability at Cumbernauld and the announcement of our intention to extend PET capability to our Milton Keynes site. This gives us a exible platform to improve our service control our costs and ensure we are capable of adapting our operations to meet the portfolio needs of the future. Our core partnerships with Rockstar and the Dr Pepper Snapple Group have continued to develop across the period with notable extensions to the territories covered under our Rockstar agreement. In September 2016 we signed a further exclusive extension with Rockstar for now helped to create a stronger business more capable of delivering against our longterm potential. Summary We have made considerable progress across the business over the last 12 months and delivered a solid nancial performance in volatile and uncertain market conditions. The growth drivers of our core brands innovation partnerships Funkin and International remain at the heart of our future plans. We are operating from a wellinvested and sustainable asset base with our new organisational structures established to support growth. We will continue to seek opportunities to grow shareholder value by utilising our full suite of options our organic growth potential our strong balance sheet our core competencies and our strong culture and I believe we are well placed to continue to deliver consistent longterm shareholder value. Roger White Chief Executive Items marked with an asterisk are non GAAP measures. Denitions and relevant reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 130 to 132. A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 Strategic Report Strategy Delivering longterm sustainable value Connecting with consumers Consumer insight drives our business. Our consumers are growing in number location and diversity and we ensure that we take the time to listen to understand their needs and to oer them a choice of great tasting high quality products. Building brands We are brand owners and builders oering a diverse and dierentiated portfolio of products that people love. With our own powerful brands complementary franchise partner brands and a strong track record of bringing successful innovation and exibility is being made across the network. This is already delivering improved customer service and will provide a solid platform for future protability. A Companywide reorganisation was announced in September 2016. Our employee base reduces by around 100 at a oneo cost of 3.3m and will generate ongoing savings in the region of c.3m per annum. The majority of the employee changes have taken place and an element of the savings has been delivered in 201617. Our Dened Benet DB pension scheme was closed to future accrual during the year. We continue to oer our employees marketleading pension arrangements however the DB closure to future accrual has provided us with signicant pension derisking. Our banking arrangements were successfully renegotiated in February 2017 to provide longer term more cost eective revolving credit facilities 40m over 3 years and 20m over 5 years. We undertook a competitive tender process for our external audit mandate. As a result we will be recommending to shareholders at the AGM in May 2017 that we appoint Deloitte LLP as our Group external auditors for the year 201718. Segment performance We have successfully maintained market share in a challenging market environment. Our core carbonates business has performed well with both our IRNBRU and Rubicon brands growing through a combination of innovation and distribution gains. Our portfolio carbonates including Barr Flavours Tizer and KA have been impacted by retailer range reduction activity. The Rockstar brand delivered lower revenues as we maintained our focus on margin and value in the face of competitor deep discounting and distribution reductions in several of the supermarkets. The second year of our Snapple partnership has seen considerable success both in the UK and internationally with our new branding and reduced sugar oerings being well received by consumers. Our stills and water business performed well led by our new lower sugar Rubicon Light Fruity range. Our continued focus on value over volume improved margins however there were continued marketwide challenges in fruit juices and fruit drinks with water remaining a very price competitive subcategory. The international business has delivered double digit revenue growth through brand development in our established core markets new distributor arrangements in existing markets and the opening up of new markets. Our Funkin business has performed very strongly with sales growth of 27 reported within our Other segment. The key ontrade business has grown in each of its product segments syrups mixers and purees and the Funkin team is on track to launch the rst Funkin branded consumer retail product in spring 2017. On the basis of the audited results and the achievement of agreed nancial performance targets there will be an associated cash earnout payment in 201718 which has been fully provided for at the year end. Margins Modest price deation impacted carbonates gross margins slightly down 30bps however a combination of tight cost control and favourable mix limited the impact.