 We held two extended Board meetings in the US visiting Chicago Anaheim and Seattle where the senior US team engaged strongly with our full Board on all strategic integration operating people and performance matters using The Greencore Way as a roadmap. Our US team have visited their colleagues in the UK to see The Greencore Way in action bringing US customers in several instances. They have been energised by these engagements taking lessons learned back to their own teams. Importantly our UK and US operations leadership teams are working together to build a single Groupwide approach to manufacturing and production excellence. Q CONSUMER AND CUSTOMER SENTIMENT ACROSS THE WORLD CONTINUES TO BE VOLATILE. WHAT TRENDS HAVE YOU SEEN IN 2017 AND HOW ARE THEY IMPACTING THE BUSINESS Across our Group each of our markets has seen significant political and marketplace changes in the last number of years this has accelerated in the last 12 months. Despite these shifts our business has continued to grow strongly in FY17. We are a customercentric business it is through the supply chains store networks and brands of our customers that we meet consumers needs for convenient highquality great tasting food. As consumer preferences and tastes have evolved and fragmented so too the routes to market and consumer engagement models have changed. Our customers are responding to consumer changes by driving new formats and ranges in partnership with us and other strategic suppliers. Meeting the needs of on the go our Board our leadership teams me are committed to building a better and stronger business for the long term. Chief Executives Review continued FY17 has very much been a transitional year. There have of course been challenges during this transition understandable questions regarding our strategy the level of investment and restructuring and a sense of chasing hard for performance in some of the smaller parts of our portfolio. Undoubtedly these challenges will have impacted stakeholder confidence and sentiment towards our stock. Importantly though they have not dented our Boards confidence optimism and excitement for the future. It is crystal clear to me that our business is in better shape today in every respect than it has ever been. We have large scale fastgrowing well invested convenience foods businesses in both the UK and the US a set of robust deeply embedded longterm customer relationships enhanced capability management teams and culture and an economic model that will drive profitability cashflows and returns going forward. I am confident the full delivery of this agenda should generate value for shareholders in the years ahead. In closing I would like to say that I am immensely proud of our Greencore colleagues and it is a pleasure to work with them during this challenging but exciting time in our evolution. In addition I wanted to specifically thank my Board and the other senior leaders for the counsel insight skill and commitment that they bring to our Group. I also want to thank our customers and our customers who are also looking to this category for growth. This is complemented by marketleading positions in convenience food categories including ready meals and cooking sauces. In recent years these businesses have benefitted from an increasing preference for private label products which have outpaced brands in their categories. We strengthened our leadership position and increased market share in the food to go category with several significant business wins commercial launches delivered to plan plus contracts extended with core customers. Capacity is in place for mediumterm growth in Food to Go having substantially completed a phase of network investment with key customers and having added further capacity through the acquisition of the Heathrow facility and the integration of the Atherstone facility. We also invested in the UK ready meals network to position for future growth and continued to rationalise our UK portfolio with the exit from the desserts manufacturing business in Evercreech. Convenience Foods UK Ireland division reported FY17 revenue growth of 14.3 to 1.4bn an increase of 11.9 on a pro forma basis. This was primarily driven by our Food to Go business which accounted for approximately 60 of divisional revenue in the period. Adjusted Operating Profit increased by 2.6 to 106.8m representing a margin of 7.4 90bps on FY16. As the operational disruption from network and commercial investment eases we will leverage the invested overhead to improve cost effectiveness and position ourselves for future volume growth. We will use our investment in consumer insight and additional capacity to the UK and therefore carries limited trade risk. CONVENIENCE FOODS US STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENTS The acquisition of Peacock Foods transformed the Groups market and channel position in the US and has provided a growth platform of real scale. The enlarged US business has a strong and diversified customer base across Consumer Packaged Goods CPG companies foodservice convenience store and grocery retail channels. Longterm contracts are in place to supply many customers primary brands and the commercial model includes the scope to coinvest with these customers for capital expenditure on new project activity. The enlarged well invested network of 14 facilities has the potential to support the Groups ambitions to grow in value added assemblyled convenience food manufacturing with both existing and new customers. The integration of the business is proceeding to plan and is focussed on reducing overheads optimising procurement and improving network efficiencies. As anticipated the first business wins from the combined US pipeline began to be delivered during the period. These were with both new and existing CPG customers across the enlarged network. The broader growth opportunity available to the Group in the US market is highly attractive. Firstly this is being driven by a trend to high care outsourced manufacturing where customers are looking for ways to improve returns via more purpose built and effective cost structures with partners who value quality trust and food safety.