 This investment and scale provides both operational efficiency and considerable economic reach to serve the broadest range of customers. Based on a core offer of plastic piping supported by complete system performance design incorporating engineered inhouse manufactured fittings and ancillaries Polypipe is uniquely placed to offer a differentiated total solution to those from other plastic pipe manufacturers. It is able to pursue significant growth opportunities by developing effective solutions to new and emerging legislation in addition to providing customers with a high performance alternative to pipes manufactured from legacy materials such as clay copper and concrete in each of the sectors the Company serves. In this way Polypipes sales growth has consistently outperformed the construction market. Polypipes focus on value addition through engineered solutions its abovemarket growth and its commitment to investment leverages an existing operational footprint to generate incremental profitability which allows Polypipe to deliver a strong and resilient financial performance. INVESTMENT PROPOSITION Read more online at httpinvestors.polypipe.com OUR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Strong performance in UK revenue growth at 8.1 Residential Systems segment revenue growth of 10.3 driven by demand in the new housebuild sector RMI markets remain subdued Disposal of Polypipe France for 16.5m on a cashfree debtfree normalised working capital basis expected to complete in the first half of 2018 Decisive action taken to close that are intelligently engineered. With storm events and water shortages occurring more frequently due to environmental change Polypipes engineered solutions help its customers ensure their developments are resilient. The Company can act as a key partner in providing modern building practices in regards to managing water as a scarce resource empowering town planners and regional authorities to create drainage systems that support modern city living. As the trend of urbanisation continues on a global scale Polypipe maintains its position as an authority on water management in these environments helping an expanding population deal with flood events and enjoy healthy green space in and around the built environment. Polypipes ventilation solutions boosted by the acquisition of Nuaire help to provide comfortable environments for occupants of buildings by for example regulating temperature humidity The strength and longterm value of our business model is in placing our customers their markets and the environment at the heart of everything that we do. odours and contaminants in the air. With average air temperatures projected to rise significantly over the coming decades due to climate change and the urban heat island effect likely to exacerbate the intensity of heatwaves in cities the convergence of low energy heating and ventilation solutions that maintain comfortable internal temperatures and help avoid overheating all year round becomes increasingly important. Furthermore Polypipes Permavoid system used on podium decks or at roof level provides a solution for water capture rainwater harvesting and allows for a planted green roof that not only acts for the year ended 31 December 2017 Polypipe Group plc 12 LEGACY MATERIAL SUBSTITUTION PROPOSITION AHEAD OF LEGISLATIVE TAILWINDS GEOGRAPHIC REACH COMPLEMENTARY ACQUISITIONS 3 4 5 6 Using engineered plastics rather than traditional materials such as concrete or clay can lead to innovative project solutions that offer transportation installation and costsaving benefits. As thermoplastic pipes are inherently lighter in weight than legacy materials they are quicker and easier to install. Polypipe produces pipes and fittings utilising recycled materials where appropriate and all products are recyclable at the end of their useful life. These benefits combined with Polypipes strong brand and technical expertise offer potential for Polypipes propositions to penetrate further against legacy materials such as concrete clay or copper pipes. As legislation continues to tighten to meet the international performance targets on water management air quality carbon reduction and city resilience Polypipe continues its longterm investment into Water Management and Climate Management solutions. For example Government planning policy has defined the need for sustainable drainage systems SuDS to ensure that flood risk is taken into account during all stages of the planning process. This planning policy is further interpreted into national frameworks local legislation and regulations which provide a dynamic legislative environment. Polypipes solutions are engineered to address these challenges providing an effective controlled retention attenuation or infiltration system to suit sitespecific requirements. With Polypipes UK standardbased products and the esteem that UK manufacturing is held in within a number of growing markets around the world the Company seeks to MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CIVILS Recyclable at end of life INFRASTRUCTURE THE SUSTAINABLE BUILT ENVIRONMENT OUTCOME QUALITY CONTROLLED INPUTS 1 SUSTAINABLE PROCESSES STEP 1 2 SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS STEP 1 3 SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS STEP 1 4 OUR SUSTAINABLE JOURNEY During the manufacturing process Polypipe works hard to limit environmental impact. Taking an engineered approach to manufacturing ensures that Polypipe customers are able to receive systems that meet their needs exactly minimising waste. Polypipe staff recognise the importance of design through to manufacturing and installation and the impact that these processes have on the environments in which their products are manufactured and used continuously searching for the optimum methods of reducing their environmental impact. Polypipe believes that to fulfil its responsibilities to the wider industry it should actively participate in relevant trade bodies such as the British Plastics Federation encouraging best practice and a uniform approach to sustainability across the industry. All of this starts with an understanding of the built environment. While global warming may mean increasing temperatures it also means increased rainfall events that have the potential to be erratic. Flooding which has become more frequent in the UK in recent years can cause mass disruption in the areas it affects causing damage to homes commercial premises and vital infrastructure. In residential dwellings and tall commercial buildings Polypipes solutions start the process of managing water at roof level.