 Managing Risks We carry out indepth technical reviews in accordance with our financial position and portfolio direction at quarterly meetings and our committees meet regularly to support the delivery of best practice corporate standards in everything we do. Supporting Management We have a small and effective Board that provides strong leadership engaging and challenging both the executive and senior management teams across the business in regular dialogue and face to face meetings. Our Governance Principles Successful Placing Post period we were pleased to receive interest from both institutional and private investors who expressed a desire to make further investment in the Company and in Q1 2018 a placing and open offer raised an additional net US16.5 million. We see this as a sign that equity market observers are growing in confidence in the oil and gas sector and view Chariots resilience in the downturn and future exploration programme as a robust opportunity for growth. Chariot is now funded to operate the drilling of Prospect S Namibia in the latter part of this year which has a gross mean prospective resource of 459mmbbls and a potential upside of 2.2Bnbbls in other prospects within the licence. As a result this investment gives us more fire power in our decision making and commercial strength in negotiations particularly with regard to capitalising on historically low rig rates and ongoing partnering discussions. Our Values Throughout the year ventures will secure the longevity and extend the followon potential of the Companys portfolio beyond the current objectives. Having captured the bottom of the seismic market with extensive 3D surveys in Namibia and Brazil in 2016 the team continued its rigorous tendering processes in 2017 to acquire and process a further 1027km 2 of 3D and 2254km of 2D seismic in its operated Moroccan acreage. With this complete the Company also aims to take advantage of reduced rig rates which in response to decreased worldwide exploration activity are now a quarter of their previous cost. STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 13 Chariot Oil Gas Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 As well as looking to add prospectivity the team also consistently streamlines the portfolio to identify those parts that despite being giant in their potential may present higher risks. With this in mind in August 2017 the Company reported that it had decided not to enter the next period of exploration in the Southern Blocks Namibia. It has however secured an option to backin for 10 equity after the completion of future exploration drilling in region for no financial consideration in exchange for facilitating a partnering programme which will be undertaken by the state oil company NAMCOR. In doing so the Company still retains exposure to the upside on this acreage whilst being able to focus its funds on maturing its nearterm drilling inventory. Our T eam Crucial to these achievements is Chariots inhouse team. With a combined knowledge base exposure to transformational potential at no financial risk. Partnering processes have also been initiated across the remainder of its acreage on priority drilling targets. Preparations for Drilling Operations 20182019 Having previously taken advantage of the low seismic acquisition rates Chariot is now focusing on seizing the opportunity of the depressed deepwater drilling rig market and has launched drilling preparations in Namibia and Morocco through the initiation of Environmental Impact Assessments procurement of long lead items and through well design and well planning activities. This advanced preparatory work will enable Chariot to have the flexibility to capitalise on the current lowcost environment for drilling. Chariot aims to operate the exploration drilling campaign on Prospect S Namibia in Q4 2018 and depending on the outcome of this well to secure a partner for backtoback drilling in this region on Prospect W or to drill in Morocco the following year. EXPLORATION MANAGERS REVIEW OF OPERATIONS CREATING A BALANCED PORTFOLIO OF GIANT POTENTIAL Chariot has built a diversified portfolio encompassing the giantpotential underexplored deepwater regions offshore Namibia Morocco and Brazil which offer a range of risk and maturity in three basins with four plays. Although Chariots strategic application is key to being able to deliver on its goals it is the quality of the portfolio that will be the ultimate determinant of our success. Despite the different levels of exploration maturity each asset is characterised by flexible work programmes excellent contract and commercial terms and most importantly scale with our current drilling inventory containing seismic acquisition programmes the Group routinely deploys marine mammal observers on vessels who are empowered to stop or modify the seismic programme if they deem it necessary. Whilst the Group can never fully mitigate against the cost and implications of future changes in environmental legislation and regulation its strong working relationship with the governments in the countries in which it operates places it in a good position to be able to work through any potential significant changes that could arise in the future. The Group is subject to various risks including those which derive from the nature of its oil and gas exploration activities. The following list sets out the Group s principal risks and uncertainties and also provides details as to how these are managed. STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 23 Chariot Oil Gas Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Code of Conduct Chariot maintains and requires the highest ethical standards in carrying out its business activities in regard to dealing with gifts hospitality corruption fraud the use of inside information and whistleblowing. Chariot has a zero tolerance policy towards bribery. Equal Opportunity and Diversity Chariot promotes and supports the rights and opportunities of all people to seek obtain and hold employment without discrimination. It is our policy to make every effort to provide a working environment free from bullying harassment intimidation and discrimination on the basis of disability nationality race sex sexual orientation religion or belief.