 Being able to visualise data isnt enough today. Senior executives need to be able to look into the future. This is why business and IT leaders are actively searching for new technologies that deliver more insight and faster. For organisations to survive business transformation must be prioritised. With its growing capabilities following the acquisition of Integritie in May 2017 Rosslyn Data Technologies is well positioned to become the goto company for organisations seeking to accelerate business outcomes by creating new opportunities from data. Welcome to the world of intelligent eventdriven analytics. Rosslyn Data Technologies has built a powerful platform that provides more than just business insight the data used by customers for reporting and analysis automatically informs users of what decisions must be taken next. Data challenges facing decisionmakers How Rosslyn helps decisionmakers Fragmented data Structured and unstructured data in one database Poor data quality Cleansed and enriched data for reporting and analysis Limited data control Integrated reporting and analytics with selfservice tools Delayed time to action Eventdriven alerts and automated business processes Oneoff data usage Feed and host business applications with data from RAPid Rosslyn Data Technologies offices Partner locations 44 see data as a strategic asset 23 of businesses closely align their strategy with data STRATEGIC REPORT 03 Our solutions are more flexible than traditional IT systems reducing deployment time requiring less storage space and having a high processing capacity. Both small and large enterprises are major adopters of cloud analytics and the Directors expect this trend to continue for the next few years. The overall cloud analytics market stands with a total revenue of 7.5bn in 2015 and is expected to grow to 23.1bn at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 25.1 from 2015 to 2020. The growth in data is well documented with the majority of industry analysts pointing towards exponential growth in consumer M2M mobile and enterprise data while industry players are basing their business models on 510x growth in volume of data over the next five years. The Directors believe that the enterprise user base is increasingly recognising the return on investment from analysing their data. IDC estimates that around one third of data by 2020 will be useful data if tagged and analysed. This equates to approximately 13000 exabytes compared with total big data today of approximately 5000 exabytes. The true value of data Embracing the concept of Fail fast succeed faster our awardwinning RAPid platform empowers customers to A new era for Rosslyn Data Technologies customers and partners Accelerate the time to insight from months to days by automating data processes Reduce IT infrastructure costs and improve agility by taking data into the cloud Integrate structured and unstructured data quickly without the need for coding or data scientists Empower business users to improve the quality and relevancy of data in real time Accelerate the development testing and deployment of data analytics applications Generate greater returns of investment on your existing data assets 2017 was a year of milestones including key client wins and partnerships. The final months also culminated in Rosslyn Data Technologies first acquisition Integritie a British software company which completed in May 2017. The acquisition has bolstered our capability to deliver more value to our loyal customers and partners by incorporating new technologies into our already powerful RAPid Cloud Platform. We also brought into the company outstanding rather than annually in advance. Investment into fixed assets in the year to 30 April 2017 was 20653 2016 8622. No significant investment was required in the year due to the investment made in the previous years in technology. Roger Bullen Chief Executive Officer 25 August 2017 Rosslyn brings together HR leaders to advance the profession and the adoption of data analytics We have entered a transformative time for the HR profession. New technologies processes and best practices are being developed to aid decisionmakers in leveraging data to better understand and support the advancement of employees. Despite the growing enthusiasm for people analytics many organisations are still struggling to conduct likeforlike reporting because there is a lack of standardised metrics used by the HR profession. Since January 2017 Rosslyn has been facilitating a series of workshops to address this challenge. Were helping HR professionals to develop new standards so organisations across industries can effectively assess value and benchmark employee performance and their important contribution to business success. To ensure that these workshops deliver what the HR profession needs for the future we have enlisted participation from more than 40 private and public sector organisations including Capgemini CocaCola Enterprises Deloitte EDF HSBC Jaguar Land Rover KPMG RollsRoyce Royal Bank of Scotland Sainsburys Sky and the Home Office. Through this important ongoing work we will collaboratively deliver a userdriven useraccepted and usermaintained analytics asset to support HR leaders make the right decisions for their people.