 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 5 Grown revenue to over 52m in 2017 On behalf of the Board I would like to thank our colleagues across Xafinity for their contribution to meeting the business challenges in a significant year of innovation growth and change. Dividend Policy The Board are proposing a final dividend of 0.73p per share effectively a postlisting dividend for the period from Market admission to 31 March 2017. This final dividend will be payable on 28 September 2017 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 1 September 2017. The Board intend to pursue a progressive dividend policy with a twothirds onethird approximate split of the total annual dividend for the final and interim dividends respectively and subject to prudent financial discipline and future Group results expect to pay as dividends each year up to 67 per cent of adjusted profits after tax. Strategy and Culture Xafinity combines expertise insight and technology to address the needs of pension scheme clients. The Company has a clear strategic vision and goals for organic revenue growth a sound financial base high quality employees and the capability for scaling its business model through appropriate and timely investment and market consolidation. In particular the Boards nearterm strategy addresses the potential of an increasing market for derisking services to defined benefit pension schemes and the optimal use in the defined contribution market of Xafinitys leading NPT sponsors are estimated to have been 1.7 bn in 2015. to capitalise on market trends A better way Market Overview The drivers in our markets provide a favourable backdrop and opportunities for growth 0k 1000k 2000k 3000k 4000k 5000k 6000k 7000k 8000k 2015 2025 2035 2045 2055 2065 2075 2085 2095 2105 Cash ow payments Year Source Management information Chart 1 Pension payments from example representative closed pension scheme Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 7 In recent years there has been an increased appetite among scheme trustees and sponsors to implement derisking strategies to manage the costs and risks associated with UK DB schemes. Aside from the closure of schemes to new entrants and the build up of further benefits initiatives include investment strategies to hedge interest rate or inflation risk and member option exercises whereby members can choose alternative ways to access their benefits that are preferable to them versus the default pension offered by their scheme often at lower risk to the scheme and its sponsor. The scale of DB problems referred to above will likely drive an increase in derisking projects as companies and trustees seek to proactively address the issues for the benefit of all stakeholders. Schemes operate in a complex and highly regulated environment. Historically UK governments have made frequent changes to pensions legislation and the pensions tax environment generating a need for advice on the implications as well as projects to communicate changes to members. This continues to happen. For example the Department of Work and Pensions recently published a Green Paper on DB pension schemes. This report covered a wide range of topics relating to DB pensions and it is possible that further changes in pensions regulation will follow once the consultation process on this paper has concluded. As another example in May 2017 the Pensions Regulator published their Annual Funding Update which acts to increase the pressure on corporate sponsors by making targeted remarks about the balance between pension contributions and dividends to shareholders. In the arena of investment advice for DB schemes in 2016 the FCA looked at the activities of consultants as part of a wider review of the asset management industry. It expressed particular interest in consultants involvement in fiduciary management where instead of the traditional model of advising pension scheme trustees on investment issues they make and implement investment decisions directly. Key issues raised include value for money and a variety of conflicts of interest including where investment consultants are advising on their inhouse fiduciary management services. Data from KPMG shows that the fiduciary market has grown tenfold since 2007 see Chart 2 with threequarters of those contracts managed by investment consultants. Xafinity does not provide any fiduciary management services and so the criticism of the FCA does not apply. Rather there are clear opportunities for firms such as Xafinity able to offer genuinely independent advice about fiduciary management and demand for such advice has increased Chart 3. 2017 2007 719 59 2016 33 2015 23 and forward looking pipeline were transformed relative to the beginning of the year. Revenue growth was disappointing however partly suppressed by the impact of a contract with the Pensions Protection Fund not being renewed. Ben We achieved a great deal to set ourselves up for the future. In addition to some great momentum in terms of new business wins NPT saw some strong growth and of course the IPO was a significant milestone. We are rolling out our new software system Radar read more on page 17 and some talented people joined the business. Having begun to offer trivial commutation to existing clients 2 years ago in the last year we took our proposition to new clients. We have seen great success culminating in being awarded an exercise on an 11bn scheme that made us the market leader in this field. Q What have been the principal developments in the market Ben Last year saw pensions hitting the headlines for all the wrong reasons with problems at the likes of BHS and Tata Steel. There were serious risks that the members of their pension schemes would see material reductions in benefits. This has made pensions a high profile issue and kept it very high on the agenda for our clients and sponsoring employers. Trustees have a harder job than ever before. We think this will drive a need for ever more support and we are right by the sides of our clients to provide this.