 Stock Code IPO www.ipgroupplc.com 13 Strategic Report Our business strategy 2582904 10 May 2018 341 PM Proof Nine Business model Evolving great ideas into worldchanging businesses. The Group pioneered the concept of the longterm partnership model with UK universities and has spent many years honing a unique approach to building businesses and providing support along the journey from cradle to maturity. The team is the primary interface between the Group and the universities and focuses on mining and evaluating very earlystage opportunities and then developing and shaping them into businesses. Our specialist earlystage inhouse executive search team recruits experienced and high calibre individuals to lead our businesses alongside founders and IP Group team members. SELECTION IP Groups specialists work closely with our university partners to identify promising research and to create and build businesses around this research. Working with technology transfer teams and academics we assess initial disclosures for their potential commercial viability alongside possible exploitation pathways. INCUBATION Typically a company will be set up owned by the academic team the university and any other founders. IP will be transferred in and an initial investment made with IP Group represented on the Board and typically taking a handson approach. Time and capital are then deployed to develop the ideas to an early commercial prototype and beyond with stringent milestones put in place. SEED Engagement with potential customers is sought and feedback used to direct effort. As milestones are met further investment is released while Solutions to global challenges Purposeled employment opportunities LONGTERM PATIENT CAPITAL COMMERCIALISATION SECTOR EXPERTISE SCALEUP PHASE DELIVERING Stock Code IPO www.ipgroupplc.com 15 Strategic Report Our business strategy 2582904 10 May 2018 341 PM Proof Nine Our strategy OUR STRATEGIC AIMS To create and maintain a pipeline of compelling intellectual propertybased opportunities y Provided capital for the first time to 21 companies or projects 10 UK and 11 US 2016 20911 y 15year partnership agreements signed with Go9 leading Australian and New Zealand universities y First spinout opportunities completed under US agreements with the University of Washington and The Johns Hopkins University y Business combination with Touchstone Innovations providing worldclass technology transfer operation with Imperial College and links to UCL To develop and support these opportunities into a diversified portfolio of robust businesses y Maintained board representation on approximately 70 of companies by number y IP Exec team placed 14 senior executives with portfolio companies of which six were chair appointments and three were nonexecutive director appointments y IP Capital completed seven successful portfolio company financing engagements y Completed a significant follow on funding round in US portfolio y Continued to provide other support services including business support and legal advice to 53 spinout companies y Portfolio fair value increased to 1130.6m with net portfolio gains of 94.2m y Portfolio excluding de minimis holdings multisector platforms and organic holdings of 155 companies 133 UK 22 US To deliver attractive financial returns on our assets and thirdparty funds y Generated net portfolio gains analytics engine ARIC that enables the identification of abnormal behaviour in highvolume realtime applications such as online betting and credit card transactions. Featurespaces software which is based on Bayesian statistics and research undertaken at the University of Cambridge delivers significant economic benefits to customers by providing a granular view of transactions which allows them to predict likely fraud and take appropriate action. For example for a UK credit card company it reduced fraud loss by 40 and cut the ratio of false positives to genuine rejections from 231 to 61. The company raised 16.5m in a funding round during October 2017 led by investor Highland Europe and supported by Worldpay Group plc and Invoke Capital. Mission Therapeutics Limited was founded in 2011 to commercialise expert research into the ubiquitin pathway for the treatment of cancers and non malignant disease. It has built a worldleading platform for the discovery and development of first inclass small molecule drugs that selectively target deubiquitinating enzymes DUBs an emerging and hitherto intractable drug class that is attracting significant commercial interest as the potential next kinase area. DUBs are involved in multiple cellular processes including DNA damage response and cell proliferation. The inhibition of these enzymes has considerable potential for the generation of novel drugs for treating cancer and other unmet medical needs. The company presented two posters with new research and preclinical data from its USP30 inhibitor Parkinsons disease programmes at Neuroscience 2017. USP30 is a mitochondrialassociated DUB that has emerged as a promising new masterclasses at LOreal Young Scientist Centre and Maths Masterclasses with Think Maths during the October halfterm. Year 10 students took part in a colour chemistry session working together to extract a natural dye from pomegranate and producing a synthetic dye Parared through chemical reactions. In addition the donation from IP Group helped support the sixth form programme Uni Genius with Year 13 students intending to apply to Oxbridge or to highly selective universities across the country receiving expert advice from university admissions staff. Generating Genius was supported by staff from the University of Bath Imperial College London and the independent school sector to deliver this programme. Support was also provided to students to help them make informed choices with a session on Alternatives to Medicine supported by Queen Mary University of London. Students were challenged to think beyond medicine and learned about other diverse university disciplines related to science and engineering led by a Student Ambassador. A list of the other charities that IP Group has supported to date can be found on the Groups website www.ipgroupplc.com. 2582904 10 May 2018 341 PM Proof Nine Stock Code IPO www.ipgroupplc.com 57 Environmental policy While we believe the direct environmental impact of IP Group plc and its subsidiary companies is relatively small the Group is committed to ensuring the environmental impacts of our business operations remain as low as possible. We recognise our responsibility to ensure that the business operates in an environmentally responsible and sustainable manner.