 Realise brought in Branded3 for this expertise but retained the overall relationship and oversight of service delivery. Meanwhile Zoetis Pharmaceuticals appointed Realise to deliver on its transformation agenda but also needed skills in data intelligence strategy and search engine optimisation which Amaze and Branded3 could deliver. Lexus is another impressive example on a large scale adds Proudler. Weve brought together multiple teams from different disciplines to build its new European web platform strategy user experience content technical support data intelligence and more. Its a great chance for the Group businesses to develop new workstreams together to deliver the best solution for our client. Collaboration is a top priority for many business leaders today. It can have tangible benefits for staff retention and motivation. We want our people to thrive at work. For them to do so we need to provide new stimuli. Working with experts in other areas and more importantly from our Group businesses creates increasing opportunities to learn and develop to see new ways of thinking and operating and to hear about different experiences and approaches Proudler explains. With todays clients wanting a more integrated set of services aligned around their end consumers needs the reach of the wider Group becomes an even greater asset. Clients want dataled decisionmaking so the Digital businesses collective ability to partner with the Data businesses led by CEO Damian Coverdale is now a real market. He cites a push into conversational user experience tools and artificial intelligence as two prime examples of expanding Solstices services. These are not novelty projects but significant investments by large companies to leverage artificial intelligence AI as an additional way to service customers while reducing internal costs. Customers want to be able to interact with brands in a more natural way through their devices voice chat text messaging. Solstice is also leading the way in helping vast organisations deal with legacy systems which can trap untapped value in databases. Schwan says Were solving the problem with Pivotal a software partner to help businesses modernise development capabilities. This is a highgrowth area for us too. Were working on the whole stack which is another compelling reason for using Solstice to solve big problems. J SCHWAN Founder and CEO of Solstice One key operational change has been the promotion of Kelly Manthey to Chief Strategy Officer allowing Schwan to spend time devising ways for the business to collaborate with others across the Group. Weve been working much more closely with other Group businesses during the last year. St Ives is very supportive and has provided the investment needed for the growth were achieving we couldnt have done that alone he concludes. Find out more about Solstice www.solstice.com CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT OUR FIGURES 17 St Ives plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 In a market flooded with new entrants mobile services provider The App Business TAB is finding theres no substitute give us a firm foundation for continued overseas growth as well as the ability to open new offices when client opportunities arise. Wildlife Reserves Singapore WRS an organisation dedicated to the management of world leading zoological institutions was seeking to find ways to increase visitor numbers. WRS four main attractions welcome more than 4.5 million people per year but the cost of maintaining and developing the reserves meant a revenue boost was required. Digital engagement was one of the key pillars being explored to increase engagement and footfall. However there was an issue around the lack of availability of insight detailing the current customer journey or the experience of tourists and local people who interacted with WRS. Incite was engaged to help WRS understand more about peoples journeys when they visited an attraction. The consultancy devised ethnographic walkalongs in which they accompanied both local residents and tourists from countries including China Indonesia Philippines India Malaysia and Australia. This allowed the Incite team to fully immerse in the guest journey and discover peoples requirements while considering what was missing from the visitor experience. The ethnographic study unveiled cultural and behavioural differences and was supplemented with group discussions to capture pre and postvisit nuances. Incite was able to determine visitor personae along with clear opportunities to enhance the experience. The work was followed by a workshop to devise creative ideas. Thanks to Incites strategy WRS has identified opportunities across stakeholder teams including marketing digital retail sales education and research and development. WALKING TSR it felt that on balance Absolute TSR would be more motivational simpler and provides direct shareholder alignment given the lower share price. LTIP vesting is underpinned by Committee discretion such that for any shares to vest the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying performance of the business. In making this assessment the Committee will take into account factors such as the strength of the balance sheet quality of earnings etc. LTIP awards are subject to a malus provision and clawback for a period of two years after vesting. Other elements Our policy in relation to other areas of remuneration will remain unchanged and will operate consistently with previous years. PERFORMANCE AND REWARD FOR 20162017 The Groups overall results for the year were impacted by challenges faced in our legacy businesses however further progress was made in the strategy to grow our Strategic Marketing segment with organic growth having been achieved. There exists further opportunity for our businesses to work closer together through collaboration following the senior management changes made within Digital and Data. Targets for Executive Directors 20162017 bonuses were based 75 on Adjusted EPS and 25 on strategicpersonal objectives. Neither the EPS condition nor the stretching strategicpersonal objectives were achieved which warranted no bonus for either Executive Director. A summary of actual performance against the targets set is included on page 55. The Annual Report on Remuneration also gives details of LTIP awards granted in November 2014.