 See Market review p89 Internal performance The Build to Last transformation programme is designed to deliver marketleading returns over the medium term for all stakeholders from a Group which is Lean Expert Trusted and Safe. As a result of the successful selfhelp actions taken in Phase One Balfour Beatty has a strong foundation on which to deliver sustainable protable growth. See Our priorities p1215 The Group is on track to achieve industrystandard margins in the second half of 2018 as it continues to drive three key levers for improved nancial performance nalising the remaining historical contracts through to completion reducing costs and raising productivity across its operations and executing on the improved quality of the order book. The Groups current portfolio is well positioned in chosen markets with real synergies between business units. Represents c.81 of our revenue and is responsible for the design engineering and construction across the most complex infrastructure and building projects. Our services activities manage upgrade and maintain critical infrastructure. They complement both Construction Services and Infrastructure Investments. We develop and structure nance to enable our customers to achieve their infrastructure ambitions. We also invest directly in infrastructure assets particularly when there are opportunities to manage the project on completion. Favourable working capital from construction business funds investment projects which generate a return in their own to focus on projects with better pricing and risk dynamics but also improves the span of control as it operates fewer sites. There has also been a shift towards a lower risk contract portfolio with a reduction in the number of xed price contracts offset by an increase in target cost contracts and framework agreements. Both target cost contracts and framework agreements require early contractor involvement ECI with the customer to ensure greater clarity around scope schedule and cost which in combination reduces delivery risk for all parties. HS2 Balfour Beattys 5050 joint venture with VINCI will deliver the two northern stretches of HS2 Phase 1 closest to Birmingham. balfourbeatty.comAR2017 Governance Financial Statements Other Information 19 Strategic Report In 2017 the Regional business successfully completed the Anchorsholme ood prevention scheme in Blackpool to reduce ood risk to around 5000 properties. The new defences will help protect Blackpools tourism and recreational income for the next 100 years in addition to safeguarding Blackpools iconic seafront tramway vital infrastructure and a major pumping station. Other projects completed during the year included Foundry Courtyard a 32 million student accommodation complex in Glasgow which completed in the summer ahead of the start of the academic year the Clyde and Pen y Cymoedd windfarm projects in Scotland and Wales respectively the Barons Quay town centre retail and leisure development in Northwich Cheshire Gatwick level 10 which involved improvements to checkin and bagdrop facilities utilising newer technology in a better layout to provide efciency gains and reduced are appropriately escalated to the Group Data Protection Ofcer for consideration and assessment. Data protection programme covering policies procedures and approved access levels in place alongside a comprehensive training plan. The Groups exposure has been reduced via a signicant reduction in approved suppliers. All data is stored in secure data centres with strengthened backup procedures. Regular review and communication of the everchanging cyber threats and how they manifest themselves in practical guidance that all employees and contractors understand. Use of uptodate antiviral software and increased patching of key software. All employees are trained in and must comply with information security management obligations. Risk movement The potential risk exposure has increased as a result of the higher level of nes which will be enforceable under The General Data Protection Regulation. Principal risks Understanding our risk prole continued balfourbeatty.comAR2017 Governance Financial Statements Other Information 53 Strategic Report Uncertainty within our economic environment Risk No change Owner The Board Build to Last pillar Expert Risk description The effects of national or market trends political or regulatory change including the UKs exit from the EU and the change of administration in the US or new developments in infrastructure expenditure or procurement may cause customers to reevaluate existing or future projects. Causes Failure to plan for any potentially negative impacts or to capture any opportunities that may be presented could lead to customers postponing reducing or changing expenditure plans wider than expected uctuations in ination increased competition eg in the UK from foreign investors acquiring Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2017 76 Remuneration report Chairman of Remuneration Committees introduction Dear fellow shareholders As chairman of the Boards Remuneration Committee I am pleased to present the Directors Remuneration report for 2017 which will be subject to an advisory vote at the 2018 AGM. At the 2017 AGM shareholders approved the Remuneration Policy. The policy is not presented here but can be found in full at httpsbalfourbeatty.comremunerationpolicy. The decisions set out in this report are in line with that policy. Our remuneration policys primary objective is to ensure we are able to attract retain and motivate key executives to deliver strong sustainable business performance aligned to the strategic plan and to the interests of shareholders. Context As our Chairman Philip Aiken explained in his introduction the Group has continued to demonstrate further progress in restoring Balfour Beatty to protability and enhancing its nancial and operational resilience. This transformation has happened as a result of strong condent leadership over the last three years and the team has delivered considerable value for shareholders over the period. Whilst of course this has been achieved through the commitment and dedication of our employees substantial credit should be given to Group Chief Executive Leo Quinn and Chief Financial Ofcer Philip Harrison. Since joining the Company in 2015 Leo and Philip have led the Build to Last transformation programme and made signicant progress towards achieving our goals.