 2005 2010 2015 Chairmans statement continued 2009 Eurozone crisis 2005 Savills 150th Anniversary Rebrand 2015 Savills acquired Smiths Gore and SEB 20072008 The Financial Crisis 2014 Studley rebrands as Savills Studley 2013 New Global HQ 06 Savills plc Report and Accounts 2017 People I would like to express my thanks to all our staff worldwide for their hard work commitment and continued focus on client service enabling the Group to deliver this record performance in 2017. Outlook We have made a solid start to 2018 with a pipeline of business carried over from last year in many markets although this is against the backdrop of heightened market uncertainty geopolitical risks and rising interest rates. We anticipate some tempering of the strong transaction volumes of recent times in some markets. However at this early stage in the year our expectations for 2018 currently remain unchanged. Nicholas Ferguson CBE Chairman 2017 Listed on the London Stock Exchange International network of 600 offices and associates 34000 employees worldwide The UKs leading agency group Group revenue of 1.6bn 2017 Acquired Aguirre Newman Case Study Stratford London Savills acted on behalf of Blackstone and Catalyst Capital on the disposal of The Stratford Centre in London. Prior to sale the investment team provided longterm strategic advice to the vendor. At the point of the sale the 206000 sq ft 28428 sq m asset was fully let to retailers including Sainsburys Lidl New Look and Boots and Cyclical highmargin businesses Revenue by business Property and facilities management 32 Commercial transactions 36 Consultancy 17 Residential transactions 11 Investment management 4 Our values Pride in everything we do Take an entrepreneurial approach to business Help our people fulfil their true potential Always act with integrity Governance Board oversight High standards of governance Disciplined approach to risk Risk mitigation to limit exposure to any one market or economy Business and geography diversification Underpinned by People Training and development Restructured training programme Employee engagement Achieved One Star status Diversity UK Diversity Group Reducing environmental impact Carbon emission reduction Community investment Community engagement programmes Clients High quality service Client care Client relationship management team Community Shareholders Dividends 30.2p Underlying earnings per share 75.8p Underlying profit 140.5m Financial statements Governance Strategic report Overview 09 Savills plc Report and Accounts 2017 Spotlight on Europe The European economy enjoyed the strongest period of economic growth in more than a decade despite lingering political uncertainty. Business expansion continued to drive office demand often driven by the tech sector and by MA activity. Consumer confidence was improving with demand for prime high streets driven by Fashion Sports Beauty and Technology brands opening large inspirational flagshiplifestyle stores as well as by the expanding presence of FB. Additionally big box retailers were experimenting with smaller stores in tight fast growing urban locations with the additional benefit of easier pickup and delivery services for online orders. Demand for logistics space has been rising across Europe driven by improved economic conditions alternative locations. With viable options in hand the team then helped W.W. Norton secure a longterm lease renewal for 95000 sq ft in its prime Midtown Manhattan location at an aggressive rent including a substantial work allowance to cover a staged renovation. Market insights continued Spotlight on Asia Across both developed and emerging Asia a broadly positive economic environment alongside a stable political landscape saw markets continue to perform well during 2017 as low interest rates and ample liquidity proved to be broadly supportive of both transactions volumes and asset prices. Despite concerns over debt levels in China and slowing growth as well as a greater propensity for protectionism in some regional markets no single risk factor succeeded in undermining investor confidence in local real estate. The appetite for land in Asias rapidly changing cities remained undimmed and sales of development sites hit record levels in 2017 led by China. Hong Kong also saw a notable growth in land sales 78 YoY supported by buyers from the mainland. Sales of income producing assets surged during the year despite exceptionally low yields and a scarcity of good quality stock. We note that investors are also beginning to explore a broader realm of asset classes beyond simply office and retail. In Japan Asias second largest market investors took a greater interest in second tier cities such as Osaka and Yokohama driven partly by heavily compressed yields in Tokyo. The appeal of Australia endured for the security of its more mature commercial markets link to Register for ecommunications under the Shareholder Services section. Half Year Report Like many other listed public companies we no longer circulate printed Half Year Reports to shareholders. Rather Half Year results statements are published on the Companys website. We believe that this is of benefit to those shareholders who do not wish to be burdened with such paper documents and to the Company as it is consistent with our target of saving printing and distribution costs. Professional advisers and service providers Solicitors CMS Cameron McKenna LLP Cannon Place 78 Cannon Street London EC4N 6AF Registrars Equiniti Aspect House Spencer Road Lancing West Sussex BN99 6DA Auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 1 Embankment Place London WC2N 6RH Joint Stockbrokers UBS Investment Bank 1 Finsbury Avenue London EC2M 2PP Numis Securities Ltd The London Stock Exchange Building 10 Paternoster Square London EC4M 7LT Principal Bankers Barclays Bank PLC 1 Churchill Place London E14 5HP 152 Savills plc Report and Accounts 2017 Cautionary note regarding forwardlooking statements Certain statements included in this Annual Report are forward looking and are therefore subject to risks assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied because they relate to future events. These forwardlooking statements include but are not limited to statements relating to the Companys expectations.