 Today the GAN family of partners represents tens of thousands of slot machine units on their floors and millions of dedicated loyalty club card holding players within their databases. With the continued success of Simulated Gaming and real money gaming key performance indicators GAN was able to launch partnerships with Station Casinos out of Las Vegas The Chickasaw Nation of Oklahoma Turning Stone Resort of New York and Ocean Resort Casino in Atlantic City formerly known as Revel Casino. Content partners In addition to securing material partnerships in the US casino landscape GAN has assembled a wide range of relationships with collaborating casino equipment manufacturers seeking to bring their machinebased slot games online and distribute them across the US and into selected regulated markets internationally. With over eight years of experience in bringing bestinclass manufacturers from the offline space into the online space GAN has become a preferred partner in the development of gaming intellectual property IP for online play. Third party Beyond content GAN has brought together worldleading service providers spanning payment processing prepaid card services age and identity verification and fraud detection. GAN enjoys a strong positive reputation for technical competence and the category partners which support the GameSTACK IGS as a turnkey ecosystem are critical to that success. The wideranging capability of GANs technical development and operations team together with the underlying technical capability of the enterprise software platform has enabled us to secure and in platform features and functionalities is core to our business. A nimble platform ensures ease of integration for new content operatorfriendly third party tools and turnkey daytoday operations. Driving players to an operators Simulated Gaming or real money Internet gaming website or application requires not only great technology but great content as well. GAN has been working with worldleading suppliers for over seven years to bring their content online. GANs content partners trust us with their IP as we configure games originally built for the offline world to play in the online worlds of desktop and mobile. With innovative tools for B2B casino operations GAN has invested in growing our global managed services team to support operators as they move online. Based between London Las Vegas and Sofia our inhouse managed services team members support initial configurations and ongoing operations of our partners via the GameSTACK platform spanning loyalty marketing automations reporting access and various other protocols. Additionally our managed services team members respond to questions from players related to daytoday operations on behalf of our operator partners. In a highly regulated industry probity is paramount. GAN is licensed in various jurisdictions around the world and appreciates the role of regulation in the real money online space. GANs clean probity record enabled us to gain entry into the New Jersey market in 2013 and receive our full Casino Service Industry Enterprise licence in 2017 while many other Europeanbased platform providers hesitated to attempt market entry. 5. REGULATORY RELATIONS Licensed in robust age verification processes to ensure that no minors can access our games. Regulation GAN plc is licensed and regulated by the UK Gambling Commission the Alderney Gambling Control Commission the Amministrazione autonoma dei monopoli di Stato Autonomous Administration of State Monopolies in Italy and the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement. We are also approved by GamCare which is a leading UK charity advising and assisting those with a gambling problem. All of the organisations above have different requirements and regulations and the Group is proud that we exceed these in all areas of responsible gaming. All of our games are certified and tested by GLI Gaming Laboratories International and NMi Metrology Gaming Ltd both of which are leading industry providers for online gaming testing and certification. Money laundering GAN provides a range of proprietary and third party tools to our partners to identify and monitor fraud and money laundering. Our inhouse analytics software monitors all deposit and withdrawal attempts as well as all gameplay. Our system has the ability to notify staff members of any suspicious transactions or gameplay and automatically suspend any account which has been involved in such activity. Our system also actively monitors all skill games to ensure no user can gain an unfair advantage by using bots or automated gameplay systems. We also provide third party tools from leading payment processors such as Worldpay CAMS Vantiv and LexisNexis in order to perform verification checks on the source of all monies on our networks. Employees The Group is committed to maintaining a working environment in which diversity and equality of opportunity are actively promoted and all unlawful discrimination is not tolerated. The Group values diversity and to that end recognises the educational and business benefits of diversity amongst its employees applicants and other people with whom we have dealings. We are committed to ensuring employees are treated fairly and are not subjected to unfair or unlawful discrimination. Software and reporting Responsible gaming and player protection lie at the heart of our software. Our platform services allow our partners to offer their players an array of tools to control their spending including deposit limits wagering limits time limits self exclusion and coolingoff periods. This coupled with sophisticated reporting and analytics allows our partners to identify potentially compulsive behaviour and take the required action to ensure the protection of any vulnerable players. Our teams are extensively trained in the area of responsible gaming. Our team members are trained to effectively and sympathetically assist any player displaying signs of gambling addiction and guide them in the correct direction to seek assistance. Environment The Group has a relatively low environmental impact by virtue of the fact that it is an online business. We engage in office recycling for a wide range of materials to reduce the amount of waste sent to landfill.