 Playtech provides all the capabilities across the gambling value chain from software and services to direct customer acquisition and marketing capabilities offering a seamless platform across all gambling verticals and with customer entry points in retail and online. This makes Playtech the partner of choice for the leading land based operators that are best placed to lead the newly regulated online markets. This was demonstrated post period end in January 2018 when Playtech signed an agreement to provide Sociedade de Apostas Sociais SAS with its new online sports book and online casino platform all integrated through Playtechs IMS player management system. SAS is majority owned by Santa Casa Portugals national lottery provider and the launch of an online casino and sports betting offering follows regulation of online gambling in Portugal in late 2016. In the second half of 2017 the Company experienced a slowdown in Malaysia due to changing market conditions. Our strategic position on Asia is unchanged. We operate a risk based approach where our legal and compliance teams are consistently reviewing the regulatory environment to ensure that our presence is commercially beneficial to the Group. As outlined at the trading update in November 2017 the Board and Management is focused on continuing to diversify its revenue base by investing in fast growing regulated and regulating markets in Europe and Latin America through organic growth and MA. This strategy will continue to drive the growth in Playtechs regulated revenue streams and will diversify the geographical makeup of player life time value. The platform allows for industry standard bonusing together with more sophisticated mechanics including automated cashback freespins golden chips for table and card games and other types of bonuses. All these promotional methods can be controlled and configured by the operator allowing for stringent liability and monetary control. Games Advisor is a realtime driven recommendation engine based on sophisticated real time algorithms that suggests other games the player might be interested in with high probability dependent on many gamespecific variables including volatility win hit frequency and win distribution. During the second half of 2017 we have seen the number of Tier One licensee active marketing campaigns managed through the Playtech Campaign Manager more than double to over 4000 active campaigns with some managing hundreds in parallel. The acquisition of BetBuddy the Responsible Gambling analytics solution provider represents a continuation of Playtechs strategy to acquire complimentary software that will utilise the big data collated via the IMS and add to the industry leading services available to operators on Playtechs platform. Furthermore in 2017 Playtech signed a strategic partnership with Featurespace to integrate its realtime gameplay fraud detection models into the IMS already considerable player protection tool kit. GPAS MARKETPLACE GPAS Gaming Platform as a Service provides the next step in Playtechs relationship with licensees content providers and developers. Third parties can use the Playtechs drag and drop maths engine to build high quality HTML5 games or submit their own existing content for distribution across Playtechs global network on single account and wallet. Playtechs Turnkey Services PTTS offer all encompassing solutions across all platforms by supplying product design operational management internal and external marketing tools fully customisable applications and around the clock interactive player support. PTTS is designed to deliver material value and expertise to licensees across key elements of player acquisition and retention together with the opportunity to realise substantial cost savings by outsourcing operational services. With years of industry experience our hosting services are world class. We give you peace of mind and work to ensure your operation remains reliable and secure at all times providing DDoS prevention DNS management thirdparty services geolocation services maintenance services and client and banner hosting amongst others. We are experts in and lead the industry in Omnichannel gaming software and services so we understand operators specific business needs therefore our customers can rely on us to foresee every possible threat and issue prevent unplanned system failure and ensure businesses are running safely and at their maximum potential. Our professional consultants provide advice on all payment issues related to cashier processing payments risk management and financial performance creating and simplifying the implementation of processing and payment models. With an extensive choice of more than 50 existing payment methods including credit card processing gateways acquirers ewallets EFT bank draft payout options via local banks worldwide wire transfer and prepaid cards a payment model can be customised to meet the specific requirements of each individual client. COMPREHENSIVE SET OF TOOLS AND SKILLS EXTENSIVE INDUSTRY and forwardthinking solutions for important causes. Participating charities included Childline Animals in Need and Understanding Gibraltar. The Gibraltar Finance Centre joined the sponsors list and provided monetary prizes for the top three places with first place receiving 2000 in prize money for their winning solution that provided a complete and modern solution to replace Childlines legacy call centre and management software. This initiative provided positive and sustainable benefit in the future. Throughout the year the Gibraltar chapter has attracted the attention and support of professionals in both the public and private sector as well as the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and the newly appointed Mayor. In addition their work has caught the attention of educational institutions who want to provide their students with the excitement and potential that the STEM fields present to todays younger generation. 8 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION Playtech has approximately 5000 people in 17 different countries and relies on diverse backgrounds cultures and perspectives to remain successful. We embrace people from different cultures ethnicities social backgrounds and beliefs. Playtech recognises it must do more to attract recruit and promote a diverse workforce across all levels. The Companys immediate focus is on creating and supporting a diverse pipeline of future leaders within the Company. In 2017 Playtech took a number of steps to improve its recruitment promotion and mentoring practices and procedures to support our commitments. These included testing blind CVs.