 We extended the use of selfscan and improved stock management. Our close attention to cash has resulted in having 161m of net cash whilst keeping the Group cost base in line with last year pre Budgens and Londis. DRIVE commenced March 2006 Booker WholesaleMakro our cash and carry businesses had a good year. We continue to Drive choice price and service for our customers. Each year we survey 45000 customers to identify where improvements can be made. Customer satisfaction is a key measure within the business and we have made signifi cant progress since 2006. Choice Up Booker seeks to grow brand and own brand sales. In October 2016 we launched Blackgate signature beef. The quality is superb and it is already being bought by 7000 customers with annualised sales of 17m. Source ESA Marketing customer survey on behalf of the Company Thanks to the hard work of everybody in the Group our plan to Focus Drive and Broaden the business remains on track. Booker Group had a good year customer satisfaction was strong sales and profi ts were the best weve ever achieved. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements PAGE TITLE Booker Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Strategic Report 05 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Bookers Pricing vs Cash Carry Market Prices Down We operate in a very price competitive market. Every week we monitor prices versus competitors and during the year our price index remained competitive see graph. We are continuing to keep our core line prices at market from Booker and Makro. Our Chef Direct business which serves national accounts from our distribution centre in Didcot has also had a good year serving clients including Byron Burgers Carluccios Prezzo Aramark and Wagamama. Prices relevant to the market Source IRI Research Catering Retail 0.0 1.0 4.0 2.0 3.0 3.0 2.0 4.0 1.0 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 PAGE TITLE Booker Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Strategic Report 06 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Retailers We serve 94000 independent retailers. Our largest retail customers tend to be our Premier Londis Budgens and Family Shopper symbol club members. We also serve our retail club members unaffiliated independents and retail national accounts. Premier Premier Bookers symbol group grew to 3306 stores 3213 stores last year. The retail development team has put a lot of work into building the sales and profits of existing Premier stores. Premier was voted the best symbol group by consumers at the CTP Awards. Premier operates a no cost model for members and has the advantage for retailers of providing deliveries and also the ability to topup at their local Booker branch. We install the fascia and imagery free of charge and also provide a market leading promotion every four weeks. All goods are delivered at cash and carry prices. Family Shopper We continue to develop Family Shopper a local discount format. This is doing well. At May 2017 we have 63 stores and the response to this format has enables organisations to demonstrate their success in cutting their carbon footprint. The Standard can be achieved for Energy Waste and Water. The Standard is awarded for a two year period with Booker obtaining a fourth consecutive Carbon Trust Standard and second Carbon Trust Waste Standard in 2015. This accreditation externally verifies eight years of absolute carbon footprint emissions reductions and four years of improved waste management. Booker Group is the only wholesaler to have held the Standard for that length of time. The award demonstrates Bookers long term commitment to successfully measuring managing and reducing its carbon footprint. Preventing Waste Company Waste Prevention and Recycling We continue to work to prevent waste redistribute fit for purpose food increase recycling and divert waste away from landfill. We use the Governments waste hierarchy which sets out five steps for dealing with waste ranked by their environmental impact to ensure all waste is dealt with in the most environmentally positive way. Each store and distribution centre participates in surplus food donations recycling paper plastic cardboard metal and wood. We have invested across the estate in balers instigated waste league tables and continually focus on improvements. During the year we reduced waste to landfill by 73 and now recycle 99 of total Group waste. Business to Business Engagement In addition to our own achievements we believe that working on sustainability initiatives with independent businesses in local communities can deliver further improvements in sustainability. Customer Packaging Recycling In April 2012 our packaging recycling service was Committee judges that there is a risk in relation to attracting or retaining Executive Directors. Any such changes should they occur will be fully explained to shareholders in the next Remuneration Report. Newly promoted or recruited Executive Directors may on occasion have their salaries set below the benchmark policy level while they become established in the role. In such cases salary increases may be higher than the employee population until the target positioning is achieved. None Booker Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Governance Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 37 How the reward element supports our strategic objectives Purpose and link to strategy Operation Maximum opportunity Performance framework Bonus 100 cash Drives and rewards annual performance against financial metrics. Reviewed annually with target set in line with prior year performance. Payment is determined by the Committee. The Committee may adjust an award upwards or downwards after application of the performance measures to take into account any relevant factors including but not limited to performance of the Company relative to its competitors and the extent of achievement. Under no circumstances will an award exceed the maximum opportunity stated. Malus applies to bonus. See pages 40 to 41 for details. Maximum is 100 of salary. 100 is based on Group EBIT growth year on year. Target measured over one financial year. PSP 100 shares Drives and rewards delivery of sustained long term performance on measures that are aligned with the interests of shareholders.