 We continue to reward our people for their performances with bonuses of up to 50 of basic salary based on their achievements against individual new lets occupancy ancillary sales and pricing targets. In addition a Values and Behaviours framework is overlaid on individuals financial performance in order to assess team members performance and development needs on a quarterly basis. Customers continue to be at the heart of everything we do whether it be in store online or in their communities. Our Feefo customer service score of 96 reflects our ongoing commitment to their satisfaction. Central revenue management and cost control We continue to pursue a balanced approach to revenue management. We aim to optimise revenue by improving the utilisation of the available space in our portfolio at carefully managed rates. Our central pricing team is responsible for the management of our dynamic pricing policy the implementation of promotional offers and the identification of additional ancillary revenue opportunities. Whilst price lists are managed centrally and are adjusted on a realtime basis when needed the store sales teams have the ability to offer a Lowest Price Guarantee in the event that a local competitor is offering a lower price. During the last year we have continued to enhance our business intelligence software which we first implemented in 2015. This has improved the teams ability to identify pricing opportunities monitor competitive pricing in local markets and to establish optimal unit mix in individual stores. Our belief sex sexual orientation marriage or civil partnership pregnancy or maternity being an equal opportunities employer that maintains a workforce that reflects the uniqueness of the communities in which we operate continuing to nurture the talents of our people and the benefit they bring to our varying business functions through a clearly defined and transparent performance framework taking all reasonable steps to employ train and promote employees on the basis of their experience abilities and qualifications maintaining an active succession planning strategy that considers the ability of internal colleagues before recruiting externally and ensuring that the criteria for selecting team members for training opportunities is nondiscriminatory. These are based upon the individuals merits abilities and needs business needs and the availability of appropriate training and development opportunities. All team members participate in the appraisal process and there is positive encouragement to discuss development and training needs and opportunities and Equality Essentials our bespoke elearning workshop has been delivered to every employee at Safestore covering the following key areas introduction to equality diversity and protected characteristics handling harassment providing an inclusive service and equality in action. Group gender split at 31 October 2017 Male Female Board Directors 5 2 Senior managers excluding Directors 7 1 All employees 395 199 Worklife balance Providing a range of initiatives that celebrate the cultural diversity of our colleagues including a taxfree cycle to work scheme and Childcare Voucher scheme engaging in programmes that encourage our people to take responsibility for their own development with funding for professional qualifications welcoming and considering all requests from colleagues for flexible working on a casebycase basis recognising that there may be circumstances when it is more beneficial or flexible for individuals to work at home either on a permanent basis or in order to complete a particular task for example a special project. Providing guidance and support to both occasional one off working from home as well as flexible working requests which incorporate a request to work from home encouraging colleagues to take regular rest breaks and offer of provision of private healthcare to 195 colleagues. Training and development As an Investors in People organisation since 2003 our aim is to be an employer of choice and we passionately believe that our continual success is dependent on our highly motivated and well trained colleagues. We are delighted that for the year FY2017 our people have participated in over 22500 hours of formal training time. This training consisted of refreshing our recruitment and induction tools to identify high calibre people and enable their performance as early as possible developing our colleagues sales and customer service skills continually regardless of length of service through onboarding and refresher programmes fulfilling health and safety requirements creating a coaching and performance culture determined by explicit standards consistency and sustainability in order to support individual needs at all job levels whilst driving performance forward as a collective and leadership development for our management and senior management population including the use of psychometrics. Financial statements Governance be partnering with Safestore Earls Court. They have enabled Honeypot to save money through offering us help and storage when moving office. This support enables us to concentrate our efforts and direct the funds saved to our vital services. A direct benefit of which is ensuring young carers and vulnerable children have the opportunity to make the most of their one chance at childhood. Strategic report 30 Safestore Holdings plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Corporate social responsibility CSR continued Our Community continued DIY SOS BBC TV show In the summer we were contacted by DIY SOS the BBC series hosted by Nick Knowles which enables amazing home renovations to transform the lives of deserving families. In this case the family was of PC Kris Aves a survivor of the Westminster terror attack in March 2017 who was left paralysed wheelchair bound and subsequently unable to return home. The BBC was looking to store the familys belongings during the renovations and we were able to support by donating space at a local store. In addition volunteers from Safestores Head Office were able to go along to the project and work alongside local tradespeople to complete the big build within ten days. Wanjiku Calver Safestore Marketing Manager said Its been a privilege to have played a part in getting Kris home and back with his family. The sheer joy on their faces was an absolute pleasure to witness.