 We now have staff in place to serve our partners in China Shanghai Brazil So Paulo India Mumbai the United States New York and Europe London. To build efficiency each of these offices is linked to provide support to each other guided by the centre in London. I would like to express the gratitude of the Board to all our staff both longer serving and more recently joined who have contributed to the development of the business. I have been impressed with their dedication and hard work while we have been putting in place the conditions for future growth. The demands on the team are unlikely to lessen as we target growth in our key markets. Retention and recruitment will be key to the business processes and knowhow that form the basis for our unique proposition. Our proprietary technology gives us a competitive advantage in the advertising industry. As a consequence the majority of the Groups expenditure is on staff and staff related costs. During the year the average Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 04 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executives statement Mark Sabin Tadeusz Popkiewicz Chief Executive Officer We have demonstrated the TREMENDOUS MARKETING POWER of invideo advertising Progress in 2017 focus and maturing technology Mirriads strategy has centred on three key areas the development of core technologies the development of an organisation capable of supporting large enterpriseclass customers and the deployment of the trading platform and associated invideo ad unit deemed essential to connect clients advertising budgets to the inventory we create and allow our business to scale. We have maintained our tight focus on the worlds largest and fastest growing advertising markets with high levels of video consumption. On that basis we have rebalanced our customer portfolio in favour of larger more dominant players in each respective market including AlibabaYouku NBCU RTL Group Globosat and others. We expect this focus to yield results in terms of revenues from the second half of 2018 and beyond as we deploy our platform and service model. We anticipate the number of customers under contract to show a small increase by the end of 2018 as current contractual negotiations complete. The value chain for invideo advertising involves three parties content producers distributors digital or day subject them to endless ad load times interrupt their screens with popups and overpopulate their screens and feeds Were awfully busy but all of this activity is not breaking through the clutter. Its just creating more noise. While Keith Weed said at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in 2018 that Consumers dont care about good value for advertisers. But they do care when they see their brands being placed next to ads funding terror or exploiting children. Mirriad Ad Units are designed to address these issues and more bringing a new ad unit format to market requires a new metric that is transparent verifiable and validated by some of the most respected industry measurement companies. We have very recently announced the results of work we have been undertaking for over two years concerning the standardisation of the Mirriad advertising unit with comScore in the USA and Miaozhen Systems in China. This work is critical in enabling Mirriad InVideo Advertising to become a trading currency alongside other advertising products. The work in these two pivotal markets should drive more transactional liquidity between media owners and advertisers. In 2017 Mirriad solved the challenge of consistent delivery of the ad units by finalising the development of an automated measurement and gating technology called the Visual Impact Score VIS now integrated into the Marketplace platform. VIS solves a formidable problem by ensuring each instance of ad exposure meets thresholds known to drive effectiveness such as exposure size and proportion clarity proximity to action this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of each transaction and c all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income. 2.5 Revenue recognition Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and represents amounts receivable for services provided stated net of discounts returns and value added taxes. Revenue represents the value excluding value added tax of fees for the services provided. All Group revenue comes from the primary business activity of providing native invideo advertising NIVA services to broadcasters advertisers brand owners and their agencies. This involves the insertion by the Group of a product signage or video into existing content. Revenue is recognised when the services have been delivered and provided to customers in accordance with contractual terms and conditions and there are no further obligations attached. Most of the Groups client contracts do not specify revenue values but provide a framework and normally a share of customer revenue within which individual work to produce campaigns and revenues are agreed and executed. The exact revenue for each campaign is set out in the relevant insertion purchase order which shows the agreed number of advertising units or insertions to be delivered.