 Equally Carpetright achieving Which Trusted Trader status for our recommended fitting service is another important element to improving brand perception and Making it Easy. This standard gives potential customers the comfort that the final and most important Strategic report continued 10 Annual report and accounts 2017 part of the customer journey the fitting and that ta da moment is going to be carried out by carefully selected and properly assessed trades people. Who we are also incorporates our new colleague uniform which was successfully rolled out last year to give teams a comfortable contemporary identity. It also covers our culture and the way we train and talk with our colleagues. To this end we have introduced Fuse which is a brand new internal training and communications tool built around a single platform for mobile social and programme learning and development as well as internal communications. The training element covers everything from the basics through product knowledge as well as customer service and selling skills. It is also a tool to encourage ongoing management development and Fuse will be at the heart of our launch of a Carpetright Managers Academy in 2017. Video based communication offers a much more dynamic live update for store colleagues. The Staff Room element on Fuse allows for open feedback from staff that will help us improve by being honest and straightforward with each other and accepting of constructive criticism. What we sell The floorcoverings market does not stand still. Through market research we know consumer tastes are changing and they tell us what they want to buy for their home. The UK market is currently split 6040 on carpets versus hard flooring while Carpetright because of its heritage has a split of 9010 in favour of carpet. Our move over recent years to increase our share of the hard flooring market is already well documented. We have enjoyed particularly good growth in hard flooring as we have introduced ranges into all of our stores with a clear product and price architecture for customers from budget spend right through to 100 per square metre and over with sufficient crossover between categories to allow customers to trade up if they choose Vinyl from roll stock for the take away and DIY market to premium quality sample vinyl which is specifically ordered for professional fitting Laminate again in the budget DIY take away form or in a new range of sampled product for third party fitting Luxury Vinyl Tile LVT has now been introduced across the estate becoming our fastest growing category albeit from a low base offering customers the natural look of wood or stone but with the features and benefits of easy to maintain vinyl and Engineered Wood a superior and more stable product than traditional solid wood supplied to us by Kahrs the leading Swedish supplier of environmentally friendly and sustainable flooring products. In carpet we continue to strengthen our range authority as market leader with a focus on all budgets from brand As I discuss in my statement the measurements from our market research in particular the Brand Tracker work indicates a very positive reappraisal of the Carpetright brand this isnt a case of hitting and hoping. It remains vital workinprogress. We have a clear plan with a robust set of actions which I think will mitigate some very serious headwinds which most retailers are feeling right now. 14 Annual report and accounts 2017 The outlook for the UK consumer looks more uncertain do the selfhelp measures being taken have enough potential for you to drive improved performance even if times in retail get tougher Undoubtedly we can not do anything about the economy what Government in its infinite wisdom throws at us or consumer confidence. By doing the things within our control better dayin dayout we can take market share from our competitors and that in essence is the plan. I would not want to be a new entrant in a market such as this. How are the rebranded refurbished stores performing are they meeting your expectations Great were very pleased with their performance. We discuss the numbers in detail in my review but in summary we are hitting our targets on sales and return on investment. Clearly where we are up against a new competitor that refurbishment work is primarily focused on mitigating the negative effect they can have on us. Are you maintaining the sales uplift as you work your way through the estate Carpetright has been in 22 shops including 7 relocations thereby reducing our rent and rates bill. But theres more to do and were very focused on this. Are you looking to accelerate the property disposal programme this year Yes but we will have to overcome significant landlord inertia. We are offering significant premiums to get out of unprofitable sites but when they have a tenant with a strong covenant paying the rent on time every month on a lease that has ten years to run they dont appear to have the appetite to find another tenant. I find this a rather odd call. The Rest of Europe businesses continue to recover will we see you invest in a store refurbishment roll out in these markets as you have in the UK Absolutely as I mention in my review the team in Utrecht has done an excellent job in reformatting some units that hadnt had any investment since the business was acquired in 2002. The Netherlands especially will see us increase capital spend in the coming twelve months. What are your priorities for the year ahead Sticking with the knitting is the term so doing the same things only better. Where do you see Carpetright at the end of 2018 An improved performance with a profit growth and increasing market share especially in hard flooring whatever the economic conditions.