 It is a pleasure to Chair a Group which has a strong business model that supports profitable growth and high cash conversion where the strategic aims are clearly defined and that serves an industry which is growing fast in which we can increase our share by offering an expanding array of services. The Keywords team remains highly focussed on delivering the high standard of work we have come to be known for and maintaining the trust and confidence of our clients as we grow both organically and by acquisition. I am therefore confident that the Group will make further progress as it continues to build upon its strengthened services platform with considerable scope for further growth. Ross Graham Chairman 9 April 2018 08 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC 128.46 122.72 115.83 108.9 101.06 91.91 84.72 76.48 70.57 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Smartphone Tablet Console BoxedDownloaded PC Browser PC 5 101.1 25 32 10 29 4 108.9 23 31 10 32 4 115.8 21 30 10 35 3 122.7 20 28 10 38 3 128.5 19 28 10 40 Strategic Report The leading provider in a growing market Market Overview No signs of slowing The global games market is constantly growing and developing with consumers spending more time than ever on games as regular updates to consoles currently offered by Keywords 13 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Creating value for our stakeholders Investors Consistent track record of delivering earnings and dividend growth. Opportunity to invest in the exciting video games market without the risk of exposure to the successes or failures of individual game titles. Increase in adjusted EPS since 2013 441 Customers Our involvement across the video games cycle creates a role as a onestopshop for our customers allowing us to meet their needs and requirements. Employees Keywords provides employees with an excellent and sustainable variety of work good career advancement opportunities and increasingly opportunities to work in many different locations. Our customers can access a world class talent base without incurring any of the usual variable costs. Average number of employees 3150 Before acquisition and integration expenses share option charges amortisation of intangibles and foreign currency exchange. 1 2 3 4 5 6 Preproduction Early stage game development Later stage game development Launch Ongoing live operations support New content for games Concept art Level design Codevelopment Programming Art production Cinematicsvisual effects Audio production Original language voice production Engineering Development quality assurance Story writing Motion capture Game demo trailers Music scoring Sound design Functional testing Text localisation Audio localisation Localisation testing Player research Game porting Certification testing Official game trailers Marketing and PR services Customer support Community management Data analytics Payments processing Promotions management Game extensions Level expansions Art Audio Testing Localisation Issue patches Marketing 14 KEYWORDS STUDIOS PLC Strategic Report Values There is absolutely no from game developers and publishers for integrated delivery of Engineering and Art in the form of game remastering and game development. We anticipate that demand for codevelopment services will continue to increase as the size and complexity of games makes it harder for any one development studio to undertake all the development themselves. We look forward to being able to package more of our services into codevelopment style engagements Strategic partnerships The market continues to evolve moving towards adopting a Strategic Partnership Model There are currently three main models that are adopted Dedicated teams In this scenario specialist teams work solely on one client or project operating within existing Keywords offices however these are made to look and feel like the clients offices but using Keywords platforms and expertise. Spin off production centres Here the client transfers control of its team and offices over to Keywords as an outsourcing agreement building on existing talent and infrastructure to create a broader service delivery hub. The benefit of this option is that it allows clients to focus internal talent on core strengths. We find that competitive pressures have been causing this to be more widely adopted. Strategic Partnership Model This is the next step in outsourcing creating deep partnerships which are integrated in technology processes and talent. Keywords and the client have a common innovation roadmap involving multiple service lines. We take an adaptive approach to create customised solutions offering both regional or global solutions on a large scale. Keywords codevelopment expertise Company participates directly and with clients in various pilot programmes for new technologies to keep abreast of the stateoftheart. The industry requires the highest standards of security within a company offering services such as Keywords. Cyber security breaches may lead to piracy disruption of clients marketing plans loss of competitive edge and could result in compensation claims. Keywords maintains physical and data security policies and procedures which are regularly audited by its larger clients. Global political risk and uncertainty We operate and own assets in a large number of geographic regions and countries and as a result we are exposed to a wide range of political economic regulatory social and tax environments. Policies or laws in the countries in which we do business may change in a manner that may be adverse for us even those with stable political environments e.g. many governments have sought additional sources of revenue by increasing rates of taxation. However the diversification and spread of activities geographically mitigates the risk of disruption in any one location and the tax strategy adopted is designed for improved efficiency and we eschew aggressive or artificial practices. The Board has assessed the risk of Brexit on Keywords and concluded that for now this constitutes a minor risk for the Group as its UK operations are small relative to the rest of the Group.