 The executive directors who previously sat on the Group Board now sit on the Management Committee. Andrew has a wealth of experience in mergers and acquisitions over a 30 year career in banking and private equity. Iain was previously Group Managing Director at Mourant International Fund Administration MIFA where he was part of the executive team that managed the sale of MIFA to State Street. Performance The year ending 30 April 2017 saw Group revenues grow to 35.1m. This represents a 26 uplift against 2016. It has been achieved through a combination of acquired revenues and continued organic growth. The core business has grown strongly with a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 17 over the last five years and 19 during 2017. Unadjusted EBITDA 8.3m grew by 29 during the year as our smaller more recently established businesses matured and the integration of acquired business was completed. The Group has fully expensed significant amounts of short term and one off costs associated with its listing and its recent acquisitions. As the Group continues to evolve we expect to reap the benefits of this investment. Our Trust and Corporate Division remains the largest segment of our business and it performed well last year with revenues rising to 22.3m. The Funds Division has another strong year with a 28 growth in revenue. Our IFM AIFM business grew particularly strongly. The Pensions year ended 30 April 2017 STAKEHOLDER RELATIONS The Group places significant value on its stakeholder relationships with particular focus on employees regulators shareholders and the local communities in which it operates. Clients Our clients are at the heart of everything we do. We pride ourselves on providing our clients with dedicated and highly experienced professionals who can provide them with an efficient informed and intelligent service. Providing community to our clients is a key factor in delivering a high quality service and our low staff turnover rates are testament to the importance we place on our clients and our people. Employees The Group recognises that our most valuable resource is our people. They build relationships create value for clients drive shareholder value and contribute significantly to the Groups identity through delivery of service excellence. Professional development is encouraged at every level with staff fully supported in their studies for professional qualifications. Engaging with supporting and investing in employees is essential to the Groups continued success and the following specific initiatives have been undertaken with this in mind Graduate training scheme to recruit promising individuals and provide exposure to all areas of the business. Buy As You Earn share scheme so that staff can take ownership of the Group and have a vested interest in its continued growth. Continued support for our staff in selecting and attending external courses that fit in with personal development objectives and ongoing technical requirements. Regulators The Group operates within complex regulatory environments in each of its jurisdictions. We aim to ensure we meet or exceed those regulatory requirements. We put compliance at the forefront of everything we do from client engagement to reporting and it remains a core focus in all daytoday activity and staff training. We deal with our Regulators in an open manner and have a constructive dialogue with them as required. Shareholders Our shareholder base provides the capital that underpins the Groups ability to operate to grow and to deliver long term strategic plans. The Group attaches significant importance to the effective and timely communication with its shareholders subject to statutory and regulatory constraints. Attendance at the AGM is encouraged and all questions are welcomed. Shareholders are also able to contact the company directly through the Company Secretary Julia.WilkesPraxisIFM.com or in writing with correspondence addressed to the Company Secretary. Corporate Social Responsibility The Group has offices in multiple jurisdictions and has a proactive approach to establish and develop the Groups reputation and engagement within local communities. The Groups business model is underpinned by the requirement to be socially responsible sustainable and ethically sound. Principally in local communities this takes the following forms Minimising negative impact on our environment Supporting charities organisations sporting teams and events Development of our staff through professional qualifica tions and approved training programmes Actively encouraging our staff to get involved in events charities and voluntary work. Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 www.praxisifm.com 8 GROUP BOARD OF DIRECTORS Andrew Haining MA Cantab Non Executive Group Chairman Andrew joined PraxisIFM as Group Chairman in April 2017. Andrew has had a 30 year career in banking and private equity with Bank of America CDC now Bridgepoint and Botts Company. During this career he has been responsible for over 20 private equity investments with transactional values in excess of 1bn. He holds several Guernsey and UK board positions including Chairman for Aurigny the Guernsey owned Channel Islands airline. Simon Thornton BA PhD ACA Chief Executive Officer Simon joined PraxisIFM in 1992 after completing his PHD in retailing at Nottingham University. As CEO he has overseen the development and growth of Praxis including the merger with IFM during 2015. Simon sits on the PraxisIFM Group Board is a director on several Guernsey companies and has acted as chairman of numerous Audit and Remuneration committees of listed and private companies. Iain Stokes BA FCCA Non Executive Director In his early career Iain worked for BDO and Guernsey International Fund Managers Limited part of ING Barings before joining Mourant International Finance Administration MIF A in 2003. As Group Managing Director he was a member of the executive team that managed the sale of MIFA to State Street in 2010 and where he was a Senior Managing Director until 2012. He holds a range of nonexecutive directorships on fund management and fund investment companies focused on alternative asset strategies. 9 www.praxisifm.com Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 Incorporation The Company was incorporated in Guernsey on 15 December 1995.