ntog.co.uk Nostra Terra Oil and Gas Company plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Chairmans Report When I wrote my update to accompany the 2016 Annual Report Nostra Terra was still in the early stages of embedding its new strategy. The price of oil was consolidating and signs of recovery across the industry were in sight. Twelve months later and the sector has rebounded strongly. Thanks to our efforts in 2016 Nostra Terra was well positioned to benefit greatly from this. The Company has since taken significant steps forward in realising its ambitions delivering robust returns for shareholders. Our strategic focus switched in 2016 to repositioning our portfolio of assets with the goal of growing stable oil production and reserves which would be profitable at 30bbl. In particular we sought to acquire leases which were Held By Production HBP. This ideally suited Nostra Terra because it meant we could control the pace of development of these assets as conditions and our finances allowed. In early 2017 we completed our second acquisition in the Permian Basin Texas and by April had increased the Companys current proven reserves 1P in the US to 522000 barrels. As stated a year ago these reported reserves were bankable and laid the foundation to enabling Nostra Terra to gain access to the working capital required to grow a General Meeting to seek change to Magnolias board Magnolias existing directors chose to complete a highly dilutive deal which we believe added precious little in terms of value to that company and was unfortunate for Magnolias shareholders. We exited our position at a profit. In Egypt we increased our stake in the East Ghazalat concession to 50 having acquired Echo Energys AIMECHO 25 stake for a 500000 consideration payable only upon certain approvals and production hurdles. For minimal outlay we will increase Nostra Terras assets to just over 1 million barrels of 2P Reserves. We have continued to engage positively with various stakeholders in Egypt and remain highly enthusiastic about the potential but our first task has to be to resolve the legacy dispute with North Petroleum North the operator which governs East Ghazalat and the case has now been referred to international arbitration. In summary I believe the future looks very bright for Nostra Terra. We have delivered on our promise to build secure longterm profitable production. We are now cash flow positive at the plc level and have access to significant working capital fundamental attributes that are rarely found in companies on AIM or of our size. Now that we have put in place such a solid foundation our intention is to build on this through further acquisitions and organic growth. I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support and look forward to reporting more progress in future. Ewen Ainsworth Chairman 1 June 2018 Nostra Terra Oil and Gas Company plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 Chief Executive Officers Report Our primary goal in 2017 was to become cash flow positive at the plc level. It took us two months longer than I had hoped but we hit this target in February 2018. This is perhaps our most significant achievement to date and positions Nostra Terra for exciting growth ahead as we seek to introduce larger assets to the Company with much more potential upside. Revenues for the year were 1128000 an increase of 300 from 2016. Loss for the year was 1044000. In April 2017 the Company raised 500000 through an equity placing at 2 pence per share. Included in this were 1 for 1 warrants exercisable within 12 months at 3 pence per share. Nearly all of the warrants were exercised by April 2018 raising an additional 738000 for the Company. Moving forward we will certainly seek to build on this success through further drilling across our existing portfolio of assets. However now that we are in a much more secure position financially with a stronger balance sheet we can also afford to explore a more ambitious acquisition plan. If successful this change in approach could significantly increase Nostra Terras growth trajectory. My vision has always been to build a much larger company built on solid fundamentals. The first phase of this plan is now complete and I am excited about the next phase ahead. United States Pine Mills Texas Having for both internal use and external publication. The controls that include inter alia financial operational and compliance matters and management are reviewed on an ongoing basis. A system of internal control can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that material financial irregularities will be detected or that risk of failure to achieve business objectives is eliminated. The board has considered the need for an internal audit function but because of the size and nature of its operations does not consider it necessary at this time. Nostra Terra Oil and Gas Company plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 Board of Directors EWEN AINSWORTH NonExecutive Chairman Ewen Ainsworth 56 is a chartered management accountant and a fellow of the Institute of Petroleum who brings wide industry experience to his new role. He has worked in the industry for 30 years at various stages of the oil and gas life cycle from exploration to appraisaldevelopment production and decommissioning. Starting his career in the late 1980s at Conoco Mr Ainsworths career has included Financial Controller Financial Director and CFO roles across various public and private companies including six years as Financial Director of Gulf Keystone Petroleum Limited until 2014. He is currently CFO of San Leon Energy Plc. In his career he has been involved in companies with assets and operations across the UK Europe Russia Azerbaijan Iraq and North and West Africa.