 These are opportunities where experienced agents join us to build customer growth in specific areas. These agents already have an excellent grasp of what it takes to build good relationships with customers thus representing a key source of premium quality growth. Technology A strong technology platform brings a number of advantages. Our core underwriting system for HCC has a fully developed automated credit control engine at its centre. This not only enhances good decision making on the doorstep but allows the business to maintain compliant and highly personalised customer service. Our mobility platform integrates fully with our core underwriting system and provides highly developed functionality to our field teams and agents. This has led to increased efficiency gains and has virtually eradicated paper from the operation as well as giving us highly controlled impairment. Our strategy to build a digital platform to serve in both HCC and online lending markets and to improve its productivity. Overheads as a percentage of revenue have already started to fall reducing to 56.9 from 58.9 in FY16. There is capacity for the business to grow using the existing field resource with an increase of up to 28 in the ratio of customers to a business manager. Technology and Customer Service We have continued to concentrate on using technology to help drive further improvements to the customer experience. The efficiency of our agents and managers has been a key focus. As a result of our investment in better technologies we can now devote more management time to delivering the right outcomes for customers helping those in difficulty and supporting agent development. The agents themselves now face far less manual administration with the eradication of paperwork and the ability to sign loan agreements on their tablet. This in turn eases the business operation improves worklife balance and enhances loyalty to Morses Club thus reducing agent churn. Digitising our business has brought many planned and subtle advantages in addition to those already detailed. The fact that every part of the lending and collecting process is digitally and geographically timestamped means that we can deliver enhanced management reporting from our data warehouse. This makes us a much more transparent organisation. The platform has also allowed us to automate credit decisions based on policy with minimal levels of intervention or management overrides. This ensures responsible lending and sound compliance as discounting and cashbacks. Our expansion of our Morses Club Card base the portal and app platforms will allow us to offer simple financial services to our customers and we will encourage our customers to share their experience of Morses Club on social media improving our reputation and relevance with emerging younger markets. Market Opportunities The Board remains vigilant to market developments that could help accelerate our strategy and augment our vision. We are currently reviewing several growth and diversification opportunities and our horizonscanning capabilities will ensure that we identify and evaluate these opportunities as they emerge. Paul Smith Chief Executive Officer 27 April 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Annual Report and Accounts 2017 13 Investment Highlights and Key Performance Indicators KPIs Strategy and Performance On flotation we identified a number of investment highlights for investors. Building a Marketleading UK Non standard Consumer Finance Company Longestablished UK Home Collected Credit HCC market player with strong returns Proven track record of KPIenhancing acquisitions and organic growth Prudent credit control and shorter duration loans improve both impairment and profitability Consolidation opportunities created by regulatory change Initiatives to futureproof the core business Highly invested IT platform Progressive dividend policy supported by strong cash generation Our KPIs below comprise a set of performance metrics used by management to help gauge the meaningful progress of our business. The set is not exhaustive and management may also consider other measures when assessing performance. KPIs Adjusted profit before tax m Reported profit before tax m Return on market perceptions and contagion that impacts the Company. Trade association membership and lobbying. Principal Risks and Uncertainties Strategic Report Morses Club PLC 26 Type of Risk Definition Impacts Mitigation Operational Risk This describes the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed procedures systems or policies employee errors system failures fraud other criminal activity indeed any event which disrupts business processes. Insufficient safety and protection of agents and staff in the home collect environment. Failure to recruit and retain key staff. All agents and staff participate annually in a personal safety review and follow our home remote working policy. The Group ensures that effective recruitment retention and incentive programmes are in place. The Group has a comprehensive suite of policies and procedures covering its operational activities that are subjected to regular review and revision. Liquidity Risk Liquidity risks arise when a Company is unable to meet its current and future financial obligations on time. Funding is not available to achieve growth targets. The Group currently has a debt facility in the form of a 25m revolving facility secured by a debenture on the assets of the business. This facility expires in March 2019 and it is the Groups policy to renew such a facility well in advance of this date. This is sufficient to fund modest business growth. The Directors are also actively engaged in securing additional facilities in order to exploit business opportunities in the future. IT Risk Cyber risks.