 Brook is already working closely with all 39 Newton Fallowell offices and with 25 Belvoir and six Northwood offices already on board I have every confidence in their ability to roll out their financial services offering across the other Group networks. At the Group level we continue in our aim to extend our share of the UK property market by leveraging our expertise as a franchisor as we see a genuine benefit to all stakeholders from further consolidation within the sector. We firmly believe that Belvoir is best placed to take advantage of consolidation at both the franchisee and franchisor level. Furthermore the Board is committed to broadening the range of property services offered by our franchisees building on their reputation for delivering a highly professional lettings and estate agency service throughout the customer property journey. Experienced management team delivering significant progress 2017 marked 21 years of uninterrupted profit growth for the Belvoir Group. Senior management As Chairman I am especially pleased with the strength and depth of our senior team from the main Board Directors to the management teams of our various trading subsidiaries Belvoir Northwood Newton Fallowell and Brook all of whom are long serving and very capable. These dedicated teams have been instrumental in doubling the number and value of transactions under the Assisted Acquisitions programme successfully integrating the Northwood network to deliver a 58 increase in its EBITDA within 19 months and of franchising was linked to the greater chance of financial success with a record 97 of franchiseeowned units reported profitability with 56 saying they are quite or very profitable. Franchising offers a relatively low risk way for young people to get into business with one in five franchise owners launching their business in the last two years being under the age of 30. It also offers opportunity for scale with 29 of franchises running multiple outlets. Current trading and outlook 2018 has started well with eight franchisees having completed on portfolio acquisitions estimated to bring in a total of 2.8m p.a. of additional network revenue taking the Group to 42 of our 2018 target within Q1. Furthermore despite the anticipated slow down in house sales our main estate agency network Newton Fallowell has reported on both sales subject to contract and its pipeline being ahead of 2017. Our investment in Brook to deliver a planned increase in revenue from financial services is proving to be a success with the value of mortgages written and net banking up 30 through a combination of a greater number of mortgages being written a higher penetration from life policies and an increased average case value on the same period last year. We do anticipate some tempering of the underlying organic growth of the lettings market with YoY average rent increases reported at 2 in Q4 2017 and evidence of slightly longer void periods between tenancies in some regions. However given the shortfall of properties and the Group as a whole with greater financial stability compared to a typical estate agency. Our model also enables franchisees to build a capital asset which unlike incomebased franchise options provides a financial return on exit. The franchise network Our franchisees benefit from the backup and support associated with a large franchise operation whilst operating their own business with the entrepreneurial drive of an ownermanager. Proactive growth We proactively identify suitable businesses for our franchisees to bolt onto their existing business whilst also initiating the roll out of additional property services to be offered by our franchisees providing the opportunity for accelerated and sustained growth. Our process Fees New franchisees pay an upfront fee to cover the licence for their exclusive territory and our induction training. An ongoing monthly management service fee based on franchise revenue covers the cost of our mentoring programme and contributes towards Central Office operations and further investment in the business. Brand equity Our brands are highly regarded and respected for their core values of professionalism and customer service. We invest continually in our brands to ensure that messaging remains fresh and relevant to our markets. Networking We facilitate a culture where franchisees learn from each other and share experiences through both national and regional networking groups and at the annual conference held by each network. 09 Annual report and accounts 2017 Belvoir Lettings plc Delivering value Franchisees We provide a proactive support system bringing the best and most uptodate tools advice and services to we look forward to supporting her professional development and future career progression at Belvoir. Catalyn was ecstatic with her success stating I was over the moon It was a great feeling just to have been nominated and I am so very proud to have won. Catalyn believes that the apprenticeship was the right path for her to take I get to both earn and learn at the same time gaining a professional qualification in a well regarded company. Catalyn has recently progressed onto level 4 of the Accounting Technician AAT exams. Her original purchase ledger role has been taken on by the latest addition to the finance team accounting apprentice Adam Egner who is working towards his level 2 AAT exams and has a 100 record on both exams taken to date. 12 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Our markets 2017 was very much a continuation from the year before for the property market with economic uncertainty resulting in flat transaction rates for sales although our own performance within this sector has remained positive. The upcoming ban on tenant fees together with the likelihood of greater regulation within the lettings market has brought challenges to our industry but also opportunity through increasing consolidation. Ever increasing importance of the lettings market Tenure type rising The latest English Housing Survey 1 for 20162017 demonstrates the continuing increased reliance in the UK on the PRS which now represents 4.