 Ashmore aims to ensure that the governance bodies of the investments it makes comply with their own industry standards and best practice treat their employees fairly have active community programmes and operate with sensitivity to the environment. Ashmore has made investments in a number of renewable energy projects in different countries including hydroelectricity geothermal energy and sugarbased ethanol production. Investments have also been made in a Chinese company which manufactures wind turbines with both local and growing global supplies. These investments on behalf of clients reflect Ashmores overall approach to combining ethical investing with sound business practice. Amongst the initiatives undertaken in South America is the establishment of an Environmental and Social Management System ESMS for the management of investments of an investor fund in Colombia within the alternatives investment theme. This fund has been developed in a form and substance acceptable to the InterAmerican Development Bank IDB and International Finance Corporation IFC. In 2014 Ashmore Colombia won the Colombian Association for Private Equity award for best corporate governance as voted for by investors. Ashmores funds and segregated accounts each have a specific investment mandate which sets out the parameters for investment. Within the Equities and Corporate Debt themes Ashmore is able to screen client portfolios to meet client requirements for geographic sector and stock specific restrictions. Stock specific restrictions may include securities which meet clients own criteria. Examples of investment areas where screening of portfolios can be offered based on or informed by client requirements using recognised investment industry identifiers and coding into Ashmores portfolio management system include alcohol animalfood products armaments manufacturers or dealers gambling pornography and tobacco. Ashmore seeks to comply at all times with all sanctions imposed by applicable government authorities and also screens at a geographical level across all investment themes for countries which are on the United Nations and EUUK Sanctions and the US Office of Foreign Assets and Control OFAC lists for example during the Russia Ukraine crisis. Environmental Social and Governance ESG approach The evaluation of ESG risk is an integral part of Ashmores investment processes. Ashmore integrates ESG factors into fundamental analysis across its liquid investment themes and scores them to the extent they are deemed material to investment returns. Listed equities ESG criteria tend to be focused primarily on equity investing because of the influence which shareholder interests are able to exert on the management of a particular company. Ashmore believes that the way in which companies manage ESG factors can have an impact on business performance and valuation and should be incorporated into investment decisions. Ashmores top down allocation model evaluates country metrics relative to history and one year forward. Hence the risk premium imputed by the market to a given country is captured. Risk premiums incorporate sovereign corporate governance concerns as for example in Russia where stock valuations are historically amongst the lowest globally due to relatively higher risk premiums. Any changes in risk premiums relative to period. Following a review of its funding priorities in 2014 the Ashmore Foundation focuses its support on programmes that aim to equip people with the skills and resources they need to increase their livelihood opportunities enabling them to meet their basic needs and that of their families and will also support economic growth and begin to address broader societal inequalities. 201617 Highlights Ashmore London Team win Charity Rowing Challenge 22 Ashmore employees volunteer with local charities Ashmore Foundation establishes eight new partnerships awarding over US 700000 Ashmore Foundation makes donation to Yemen Crisis Appeal Grant giving extended to Ghana Peru and Philippines Ashmore Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 43 Strategic report Mosintuwu Institute Indonesia Partnership established 2016 Between 1998 and 2007 in Poso Central Sulawesi communal violence ensued initially for political purposes but then spread along religious lines. Today people still bear the scars of this conflict with mistrust and prejudice towards other religions common. Women have been disproportionately affected by the conflict and displacement but have limited participation in the formal peace making process. Traditionally gender roles have been defined by culture and religion women are seen as secondclass citizens with no place in public life. This project seeks to support womens leadership through the development of income generating activities by establishing rural enterprises and garbage banks. The basic premise of the garbage bank is that villagers will deposit recyclable refuge to a central point in exchange for basic food staples.