 The app available in both iOS Apple and Android Google stores allows the user to quickly and easily look up contacts from their Voyager Infinity SaaS database and all communication is logged against the database in real time. Voyager VDQ is designed for fastpaced blue and white collar temporary placement agencies that have to quickly assemble transient or ad hoc teams to serve highly volatile and urgent labour requirements. Through FCP Internet the Division also provides its evolve solution. evolve has been designed to deliver an effective workflow solution for all sizes and types of recruitment business. It is delivered only as a SaaS product. Voyager mid and back office Voyager MidOffice is a flexible Pay Bill solution which automates the processing of large volumes of timesheets and payments to numerous clients and candidates. Voyager Bureau enables bureaus to subcontract backoffice operations for multiple client recruitment companies on a single platform. Skills testing and training ISV delivers preemployment skills testing and training tools to recruitment businesses and corporates. In late 2016 ISV launched ISV Online incorporating all the best elements from its original testing platform FastPath. OVERVIEW DILLISTONE GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 Dr Mike Love NonExecutive Chairman the Group has accelerated its acquisition intangibles amortisation by 0.459m taking total amortisation to 0.838m 2016 0.379m. The Board has raised 0.400m from the Directors and PDMRs person discharging managerial responsibilities in the form of a convertible loan note to provide continued funding for GatedTalent.The loan notes carry an interest rate of 8.15 and a conversion price of 71.6p. The loan note has a 3year duration but with various rights for early conversion or repayment. Dividends In view of the fund raising carried out to develop GatedTalent we did not pay an interim dividend. However we propose paying a final dividend of 0.5p 2016 2.8p subject to Shareholder approval. The dividend will be payable on 13 July 2018 to Shareholders on the register on 15 June 2018. Shares will trade ex dividend from 14 June 2018. Future dividends will depend on Group performance. Staff Our staff are fundamental to our success. It is through their efforts commitment and determination that we continue to be a leading technology provider in the sectors we serve. On behalf of the Board I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our staff for their individual and collective contributions during 2017 and for the huge effort demonstrated during the early months of 2018 supporting our GDPR related projects. Outlook Both our Dillistone Systems and Voyager Software divisions have enjoyed strong demand for our products and services during the first quarter of 2018. The Board is delighted to note that while Voyager revenues will clearly be impacted by the previously announced loss of a legacy contract Q1 2018 saw one of its best ever quarters in terms of new contract wins. After a slow January orders for Dillistone Systems FileFinder product improved significantly in February we believe that the vast majority of our clients will not send messages before May with a number of firms likely to complete the process in June or even July. We are seeing significant variances in invitation conversion rates between clients. Some firms are seeing in excess of 8 of invitations leading to Profiles others are seeing a fraction of 1 converting. What is apparent from the Profiles that have been created so far however is that our executive talent pool will be both senior and diverse. Currently the three most common Job Titles for our Executives are CEO Managing Director and General Manager. We have onboarded profiles from executives in 75 countries. A heatmap with further information on profile data is available at www.gatedtalent.commetrics. The Group has paid dividends throughout its time as a public company and having ended the year with cash of 1.390m the Board is pleased to be in a position to pay a dividend of 0.5p per share. Dr Mike Love NonExecutive Chairman 26 April 2018 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT For the year ended 31 December 2017 2017 was an exciting year for the Dillistone Group with the launch of GatedTalent www.GatedTalent.com on 9 October 2017 at the World Executive Search Congress. Our business has traditionally been involved in the supply of technology to the recruiting and associated sectors. GatedTalent is a private network a tool which allows executives to share information with trusted recruiters. It is a first for our Group and has the potential to bring it more into line with industry practice by writing off all such costs over five years rather than a range of five to ten years and the impact of this on the Dillistone division was an increase to the 2016 charge by 0.600m. Operating profit for 2017 was 0.189m 2016 0.205m. Voyager Software Voyager Software is a provider of technology products targeted at the entire recruitment landscape from front office to back office and bureaus and includes both recruitment management systems and preemployment skills testing technology. In 2017 the Voyager Software division accounted for 53 2016 51 of Group revenues. The Divisions revenues decreased by 1 to 5.034m 2016 5.105m. EBITDA increased by 10 to 1.200m 2016 1.093m. Amortisation and depreciation increased to 0.511m 2016 0.461m. Divisional operating profit increased 9 to 0.689m 2016 0.632m. 2017 saw some major developments in the Division including Development of TempNinja A new mobile companion app allowing candidates to view and accept temporary jobs update their availability and chat directly with recruiters using Voyagers popular VDQ and Infinity SaaS solution. Additional functionality released in Infinity including Infinity SaaS including enhanced support for the temporary recruitment sector Power BI reporting. A wellreceived industry wide education programme around the forthcoming GDPR legislation being recognised as an industry leader. Enhancements and new content for ISV. Online including tests around the GDPR. GatedTalent GatedTalent was established in 2017 to provide a network allowing executives to share information with selected executive recruiters in a GDPR compliant manner.