 It is headquartered at the Sussex Innovation Centre at The University of Sussex in Brighton UK. 2017 Additional 3 million investment from CMS and signing of CMS collaboration 2017 IPO raises 15.3 million Our history 2016 Completion of successful XF73 study in US demonstrates significant nasal decolonisation 2015 QIDP awarded by FDA to lead asset XF73 to prevent postsurgical infections 2010 US Department of Defense burns study highlights potential in dermal infections 2008 Phase 1 study demonstrates efficacy of XF73 in killing bacteria in volunteers 2003 Breakthrough microbiology study shows XF potential 1997 2003 Trading as contract research consultancy and performing inhouse research 1997 Founded Financial statements Governance Strategic report Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 03 0003 billion rewards and incentives to drive new drugs proposed 100 trillion global cost of resistance and 10 million lives by 2050 WHO names antibiotic resistance as a top global concern Antibiotic resistant bacteria pose a threat to public health and are of serious concern to the World Health Organization WHO. There is now a global imperative to put in place initiatives at all levels of society including stewardship new drug RD diagnostics in both human and animal health to address antibiotic resistant bacteria in a concerted effort to counter the prediction of ten million deaths and an estimated 100 trillion cost by 2050. This was set out in Lord ONeills Independent Review on Antimicrobial Resistance AMR published in May hospitalbased medical procedures being carried out across the world there is a specific need for improved patient care regarding hospital infections. This should deliver both better outcomes for patients and a reduction in the increasing costs of postoperative care incurred by hospitals governments and insurance companies. Steps are already being taken in this direction particularly in the US with the Generating Antibiotics Incentives Now GAIN Act and 21st Century Cures Act. Both of these propose incentives to spur development of new drugs including a more streamlined regulatory path to tackle AMR and also the Hospital Acquired Condition reduction programme which financially penalises the poorest performing US hospitals in terms of MRSA infection rates. The drive to tackle AMR is receiving global interest and priority with new specific sources of pull and push incentives including funding from IMI CarbX GAMRIF and potential pricing and reimbursement adjustments or market entry rewards to recognise the societal value that antibacterial drugs contribute. Destiny Pharma has a strong track record in attracting nondilutive funding from such sources with approximately 4.5 million received to date and will continue to seek similar nondilutive funding to assist in financing its pipeline. Destiny Pharmas XF73 pipeline could contribute to addressing the cost of antibiotic resistant bacteria and the company has been invited to participate in groups that are discussing the problem and developing solutions. The company is represented at the Wellcome Trust Global AMR Clinical Trials Network team examining potential for clinical networks for antibacterial drug development alongside the was produced by an international group made up of 23 partners from big pharma academic institutions and public health organisations. The complementary measures laid out in the study cover 30 incentives on how to drive antibiotic innovation. Three primary solutions include Market entry reward for truly innovative antibiotics A 1 billion reward per antibiotic globally in addition to sales revenue could quadruple novel antibiotics over 30 years. Maximised antibiotic RD environment An increase of 300 million or approximately 50 in government grant funding and RD coordinators is needed to foster collaboration and fundamental research. Longterm governance The G20 through its recently announced Global RD Collaboration Hub should implement a focused investment strategy and facilitate the above two points. A postantibiotic era means in effect an end to modern medicine as we know it. Things as common as strep throat or a childs scratched knee could once again kill. Dr Margaret Chan WHO Director General 2014 Global government support Supporting novel antiinfective development Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 06 Global government support Supporting novel antiinfective development Novel patented technology The XF drug platform represents a new range of antimicrobial drug products which kill bacteria rapidly via a novel mechanism of action against which bacteria appear to be unable to mount a resistance Lower risk clinical stage lead asset Antiinfective drugs have a high probability of approval following a successful Phase 1 trial compared to many other drug classes Well funded after IPO to deliver strategy to 2020 drug research and clinical development process if such collaborations will advance projects and deliver shareholder value. These could include university research partnerships formulation development or projects examining XF drugs interaction with other antiinfectives or potentiation mechanisms. Destiny Pharma is well connected with expert groups across the world and will continue to explore such opportunities. Business model Building shareholder value through drug development Using a flexible virtual model to create novel IP and clinical data packages. Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 08 Our business model in action. Regional collaboration signed in 2017 Regional development and commercialisation agreement finalised with China Medical System Holdings Limited CMS This is an important first collaboration for Destiny Pharma and supports the potential of the pipeline. Since signing the deal in December 2017 the parties have held a meeting at CMS headquarters in Shenzhen China and have commenced discussions through the Steering Committee on potential projects that can be progressed under the agreement. CMS is a Hong Kong listed company valued at over US3.5 billion. Highlights We are pleased at the opportunity to work with Destiny Pharma coordinating and sharing the data that we both generate. Our equity investment in the company underpins our commitment to this partnership. We look forward to collaborating closely. Mr Lam Kong Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Strategic partnership grants CMS full rights to Destiny Pharmas pipeline of drug candidates in China and certain other Asian countries excluding Japan.