 The wheel represents the year end position with each section totalling the Groups noncurrent assets plus current property assets and cash. This is reconciled to the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position on page 3. The outer wheel sets out the divisional mediumterm objectives as set out on page 2. Stobart Value Wheel 28 February 2017 OUR OPERATING DIVISIONS OUR INFRASTRUCTURE AND INVESTMENTS DIVISIONS Stobart Aviation aims to deliver a firstclass customer experience across all its aviation businesses. Develop London Southend Airport to an annualised 2.5m passengers in 2018 Highlights Established 11 new routes from London Southend Airport under the Flybe brand operated by Stobart Air delivering up to 300000 additional passengers by 2018. Moved discussions to an advanced stage with major airlines about new capacity for 2018. Developed and began deployment of significant business to consumer marketing campaigns. Improved retail offering to passengers with new World Duty Free concession. Improved on already marketleading levels of customer satisfaction. Acquisition of regional airline and aircraft leasing company. Stobart Rail is one of the UKs leading providers of innovative and efficient rail and nonrail civil engineering projects. Revenue from external work 2 6.1 Highlights Healthy pipeline of work worth c.60m. The successful delivery of Gospel Oak to Barking electrification scheme on programme and under budget. Secured framework contract from Network Rail for devegetation. Developed an increased work bank for the ballast undercutter fleet and purchased a concrete District Airport for commercial operations. Continue to deliver the best customer service in the market. Strengthen relationship with Aer Lingus Stobart Airs key franchise partner. PROGRESS WITH THE PLAN London Southend Airport LSA offers a unique combination of peak airport capacity in a very constrained London airport system easy access efficient operations driving a lowcost base and an exceptional customer experience. The combination of these factors is attractive to both airlines and passengers. We are therefore optimistic that growth at LSA will come from regional lowcost and fullservice operators especially from the UK particularly London but with strong support from inbound passengers coming from mainland Europe. LSA was once again recognised by the Airport Operators Association as the best airport in Britain in 2016 for its category having also won the title in 2015. The task of raising awareness of the benefits of LSA is well understood and marketing plans developed in 2016 are already in deployment with significantly heavier weight than in previous years. The acquisition of additional capacity with Flybe combined with easyJet growth announced in 2016 will take LSAs passenger numbers during 201718 to 1.2m. Furthermore discussions with several airlines about material capacity growth for 201718 are well advanced despite a brief hiatus following the Brexit vote. Thus we remain confident in our expectation of reaching 2.5m passengers by the end of calendar year 2018. In addition to the above Carlisle Lake District Airport CLDA has received confirmation of funding from Cumbria Local Enterprise Partnership for development funding has been secured. OPERATIONAL REVIEW STOBART RAIL On track to deliver What other projects have you worked on The Stobart Rail team has successfully delivered a Combined Heat and Power CHP Plant in Widnes for Burmeister and Wain Scandinavian Contractor in spite of some challenges that impacted on the returns from this project. We have also further developed our Stobart Forestry arm for our under managed woodland programme. This team is charged with sourcing sustainable timber for the rapidly expanding renewable energy sector. In September Stobart Rail was awarded a Logistics Storage and Transport Major Incident Response contract from the Environment Agency. How do you plan to grow We have increased our focus on and investment in plant and equipment particularly in relation to design development technology and innovation of assets creating options for sale or to selfoperate whichever works best for us. An example of this are our new tracked ballast undercutters pictured with followup machines which distribute new ballast brush the clips and lift and slew the track. One of our main purchases this year was a new concrete paving machine pictured. This piece of kit gives excellent output rates significantly reducing the cost of the works we are delivering for Group projects and for third parties. During the year we further invested in more new rail equipment we upgraded a significant number of machines and disposed of a number of rail containers and reachstackers realising cash and profit on disposal. With no major change in overall challenges facing the business Spend is increasing on all infrastructure contracts across the country. This should be an advantage to the business in the coming years but there is a known national shortage of quality and experienced senior management and engineering personnel. As a result it can be expensive and difficult to secure good senior management and skilled engineers. Furthermore staying abreast of legislative change and compliance requires a strong team sometimes bringing associated costs. We understand the value in keeping the right management teams in place to ensure Stobart Rails ability In calendar year 2017 we hope to increase our win percentage on bids securing more contracts with Network Rail and other tier 1 providers whilst maintaining good working relationships with our clients at all levels of the business. Furthermore we have increased our focus on our customers aspirational growth plans which allows us to provide them with better support. While we will not waiver from our growth target of a minimum 5 per year Stobart Rail recognises the need for flexibility and looks to remain open to new areas of service provision. Kirk Taylor Managing Director Stobart Rail to plan competently deliver successful projects and ensure quality throughout. We will strive to form partnerships with likeminded contractors enabling us to build a complementary and efficient alliance that fulfils the requirement of these partnerships. What are your targets for 2017 We aim to deliver efficiencies across all our contracts both external and internal.