 These products have many uses as an integral part of sales and marketing campaigns for recruitment or recognition activities to promote health and safety initiatives and for any other method of making a connection between our customers organisation and the recipient of the item. We define our customer as the individual placing the order rather than the business or organisation for which the individual works or with which he she is associated. Our customer base is widely dispersed geographically by size of businessorganisation and across commercial governmental educational charitable and religious segments. Our target customer will typically be working at an organisation of 25 or more employees. No single customer comprises a material part of 4imprints overall revenue. North America The US and Canadian promotional products markets together are estimated to total around 25bn in annual revenue. We serve this market from a centralised base in Oshkosh Wisconsin. UK and Ireland The UK and Irish promotional product market size is estimated at around 1.4bn per year. Our office serving these markets is in Manchester UK. The marketplace for promotional products is fragmented. Our largest market the USA is served by an estimated 23000 distributors of whom more than 20500 have annual revenue of less than 2.5m. The distribution structure is similar in the Canadian and UKIrish markets. 4imprint is the largest direct marketer of promotional products in each market. Market leadership driving organic revenue growth is the cornerstone of our strategic framework. We aim to establish 4imprint as the recognised brand for promotional products driving our continued ability to grow at a rate significantly higher than the overall growth rate of the industry. 11 4imprint Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Overview Strategic Report Our products We sell an extensive range of promotional products merchandise that is custom printed with the logo or name of an organisation with the aim of promoting a brand service product or event. Our product range comprises tens of thousands of individual products ranging from basic giveaways such as pens bags Products available for 24 Hour shipment 5000 Exclusive products 600 Top product categories 1. Apparel 2. Bags 3. Drinkware 4. Writing 5. Technology 6. Stationery 7. Tradeshows signage 8. Outdoor leisure 9. Auto home tools 10. Awards office Product trends Our merchandisers track market trends to identify the products customers are looking for Vacuum tumblers Were among the top ten hottest items in 2017 with doublewall construction and other insulating advances proving very popular with customers. Retail brands Under Armour The North Face Nike Thermos Camelbak and many others lend instant credibility and staying power to our customers brands. Technology This was a productive category in 2017 with power banks leading the way. Demand was also strong for Bluetooth speakers ear buds and other items driven by the increased use of mobile devices. Competitive advantage Exclusive product Over 600 products are exclusive to 4imprints customers reflecting strong partnerships with our trusted supplier partners. 4imprint own label brands Are an increasingly important part of the mix again reflecting deep relationships between our merchandisers and our suppliers. The existing Crossland apparel brand saw further expansion and 2017 saw the addition of the reFresh drinkware line. 24 Hour 4imprint has the largest 24 Hour product offering in the industry with over 5000 items available to order today ship tomorrow. and drinkware to higher value items such as embroidered apparel business gifts and full size trade show displays enabling our customers to find the perfect product for their promotion and their brand. This range is carefully curated by an experienced merchandising team. 12 4imprint Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT What we do Business Model Our business is the distribution of promotional products. Our commercial operations are built around a direct marketing business model designed to introduce millions of potential customers to tens of thousands of customised promotional products. Key strengths Our people Strong company culture Highly trained longtenured team members Empowered to do the right thing Reaching our customers Expanding and productive customer file Marketing engine able to attract new and retain existing customers Long tradition of excellence in customer service Our platform Proprietary scalable IT system Reliable and resilient supplier network Financial strength Strong balance sheet Investment in the business Highly cash generative model driving selffinanced growth Customer proposition Fast easy and convenient Expansive and relevant product range Industryleading customer guarantee Online or over the phone Free samples and artwork Remarkable customer service Ontime shipment or your order is free Lowest prices or double the difference Total satisfaction or your money back Application of technology Websites mobile customerfacing Proprietary order processing platform Sophisticated database analytics Mature scalable systems Efficient order processing Supplier integration Datadriven marketing Innovative web and back office technology 13 4imprint Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Overview Strategic Report What we do Stakeholder outcomes Dropship from suppliers Unrestricted access to tens of thousands of products Efficient delivery of orders to short lead times Minimal investment in inventory Supplier holds the inventory Supplier prints the product Order shipped direct to customer Merchandisers work closely with suppliers Product range continually updated and curated Innovative marketing Datadriven heritage and discipline Online and offline techniques Catalogue search engine brand social New customer acquisition Growing customer file Existing customer retention Blue Box Shareholders Strong cash generation permits us to reinvest into the continued growth of the business and to reward our Shareholders through dividend payments and share price appreciation. See pages 8 and 9 Customers Promotional products work they help our customers achieve their marketing goals promote their safety initiatives and recognise their employees amongst many other uses. See page 10 Community Our team members are actively engaged in our communities including charitable giving and volunteering activities. See page 27 Suppliers We have productive relationships with our trusted supplier partners.