 Steam is increasingly being recognised as a highly efficient heating medium in the production of Liion batteries. Steam has safety and environmental benefits over alternative heating solutions. It is also highly energy efficient providing estimated energy cost savings of around 140000 per year per drying oven. By developing steam system heating solutions to support this growing industry Spirax Sarco China has seen more than a 700 increase in sales to Liion battery manufacturers over the last two years. Opportunities for growth are not limited to heating applications. In South Korea when using locally manufactured hose to transfer chemicals a Liion battery manufacturer was experiencing frequent problems of hose breakage and chemical leakage. Aflex which joined the Group in 2016 recommended the use of Corroline PTFE lined hose which is uniquely designed by Aflex to provide flexibility kink and chemical resistance. An initial trial proved so successful that the customer is now installing Corroline hose across all 149 assemblies on site. In another application at a Liion battery plant in China pumps remove slurry generated during the milling of lithium iron phosphate. This viscous and abrasive fluid was causing wear damage reduced capacity and leakage of the installed airoperated double diaphragm pumps leading to frequent downtime and costly repairs. WatsonMarlow recommended the installation of Bredel 65 hose pumps which have no seals ballchecks diaphragms glands immersed rotors stators or pistons to leak steam superheating and air CO 2 and nitrogen heating. The CCX heater part of the XtremeDuty platform due to its ability to handle high pressures has ASME American Society of Mechanical Engineers and PED EU Pressure Equipment Directive pressure certification marine grade casting making it suitable for saltladen environments such as offshore platforms an explosionproof terminal enclosure junction box and is IECEx International Trade of Electrical Equipment used in Explosive Atmospheres and ATEX EU equipment directive rated meaning that it can be safely used in hazardous environments. 4 Leverage our RD investments We leverage RD investments to meet changing customer requirements improve our offering respond to market trends expand our addressable market and maintain our marketleading position in each of our business niches. Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Corporate Information A CCX Cast Block Heater from Chromalox installed in a customers plant in Italy Strategic Report 26 SpiraxSarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 Our strategy in action continued Optimise supply chain effectiveness We operate a regional manufacturing strategy and focus on increasing supply chain agility and compressing lead times to enable greater responsiveness reduce costs and improve customer service. During 2017 we invested 1.4 million to develop a new 1500m distribution centre in Singapore to serve our Steam Specialties division s sales companies throughout the Asia Pacific region and an accompanying 1800m office space to house our Singapore sales company South East Asia headquarters Asia Pacific divisional headquarters and training facilities. Historically sales companies across Asia Pacific have sourced available. Low Seeking to integrate sufficient control and mitigation methods in order to accommodate a low level of risk though this will also limit reward potential. Balanced An approach which brings a high chance for success considering the risks along with reasonable rewards economic and otherwise. High Willing to consider bolder opportunities with higher levels of risk in exchange for increased business payoffs. Very high Pursuing highrisk unproven options that carry with them the potential for highlevel rewards. Strategic Report SpiraxSarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 33 Key Increased risk No change to risk Decreased risk Principal risk and why it is relevant Yearon year change Key mitigation sponsor and explanation of change Risk appetite rating Rationale for rating Link to strategic themes pages 2227 5 Cybersecurity Cybersecurity risks include risks from malware accident statutory and legislative requirements malicious actions and other unauthorised access by third parties. Global assessment of IT environment against UK cyber essentials framework and prioritising actions for improvement Deploying security tools to limit impact and spread of ransomware Initiating new centrally managed Firewall environment Further strengthening of security for centrally managed systems for heightened protection and consistency Executive sponsor Shaun Mundy Change This is a new risk on the risk register and the Committee is monitoring this risk in line with the issues set out therein. Very low Low Balanced High Very high Concerns of potential impact on the business in addition to the important considerations surrounding protection of personal data reinforce our commitment to implement good progress with the implementation of our strategy for growth. We further strengthened our market presence in our newer operating companies in the Netherlands Egypt and the Middle East. A new company began trading in Kenya East Africa during January 2017 and customers have responded positively to the increased investment we have made resulting in a good first year. We completed the groundwork to begin trading through newly established companies in Hungary Romania and in the Maghreb which will serve Morocco Tunisia and Algeria. These businesses began trading in January 2018. An increased sector focus in the Food Beverage Healthcare Oil Gas and Chemical industries and OEMs is enabling us to achieve above average market growth as we uncover new solutions to deliver excellent return on investment to customers. Through improving our strategic account management processes we are forming and strengthening mutually beneficial longlasting relationships with key customers. The initial programmes of the Spirax Sarco Academy have been rolled out to customerfacing staff accelerating the sharing of knowledge and protecting this important asset. Gestra s strategy and implementation plan were defined during the acquisition process with safe delivery being the most important priority for 2017 along with the successful carve out of Gestra s businesses in Italy the UK the USA and Singapore from their previous parent.