 This is a testament to the appetite for new drugs devoid of the serious side effects reported with current prostate cancer treatments in particular complete and general androgen hormone deprivation. We look forward to reporting on the clinical trial as it progresses throughout this current year. In parallel we continued to advance the reformulation of VAL201 into VAL301 for the treatment of Endometriosis a painful and debilitating gynaecological condition with high unmet clinical needs. We have established from our preclinical studies that VAL201s specific mode of action also has the potential to provide a potent therapeutic effect to manage the symptoms of this disorder more safely than current treatments which are widely known to cause a large number of side effects including loss of bone density andor infertility. Going forward the Companys focus is to complete laboratory tests before progressing VAL301 to clinical trials. A particularly noteworthy achievement by the Company in the reporting period was the successful completion of the VAL401 Phase ll clinical study in patients with late stage non small cell lung cancer the most common form of lung cancer. The data analysed by Ariana a leading digital health Company focused on developing advanced therapeutic decision Strategic Report ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements In conclusion I believe the Group has seen substantive and encouraging developments across its portfolio during the period to December 2017. The progress of our core clinical products VAL201 and VAL401 has been substantial and both have reached significant value inflection points. The current momentum and exciting trajectory of both compounds offer potential investors an investable proposition and an attractive offering to joint venture partners. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders fellow Directors and every member of the Group for the trust and support accorded to the Board in positioning ValiRx among the frontrunners in the fields of personalised and precision medicine. Oliver de GiorgioMiller Chairman 5 April 2018 support systems has advocated the therapeutic potential for VAL401 as a single therapy in treating this cancer. Ariana has also advocated the compounds therapeutic and palliative potential when combined with both traditional chemotherapies and immuneoncology treatments. Palliative stage patients could expect to see improvements in symptoms with the added benefit of improved survival prospects. The encouraging 60 overall response rate provides a strong foundation for the next stage of clinical testing. The measure of immune competency of the treated patients was also a pleasingly unexpected addition to the results. In sum we are very excited to see such a good response rate for a condition with huge unmet medical need. Furthermore these results cells from the lining of the uterus endometrium appear and flourish outside the uterine cavity lined by endometrial cells which are under the influence of female hormones. These endometriallike cells in areas outside the uterus Endometriosis are influenced by hormonal changes and respond in a way that is similar to the cells found inside the uterus and symptoms often worsen with the menstrual cycle. The treatments chosen will depend on symptoms age and lifestyle plans. VAL201 has been shown though to reduce abnormal endometrial growth whilst leaving other hormoneinduced activities working normally. ValiRxs initial invitro results show a reduction in endometrial lesion size directly related to dose and two generations of offspring produced by treated animals. This strongly suggests that unlike current medications in use to treat the condition the peptide does not affect fertility. The peptide VAL301 is a reformulation of VAL201 and is currently in preclinical development for the noninvasive and better tolerated treatment of Endometriosis. The Companys focus now is to complete laboratory tests before progressing VAL301 to clinical trials. 2bn Global and Endometriosis market is forecast to surpass 2bn by 2023. 176m Women are affected by Endometriosis globally. ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 13 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements VAL101 GeneICE VAL101 VAL401 Lung cancer and Adenocarcinoma VAL401 is the reformulation of generic drug Risperidone into an orally administered gelatin capsule. The reformulation allows the drug to access previously unexploited anticancer activity and preclinical evidence suggested anticancer activity against other adenocarcinoma types. The compound that may lead to third parties discovering or developing products earlier or more successfully than ValiRx may also impair the Companys ability to secure funding to advance its clinical trials and have a successful relationship with a codevelopment partner. As at 31 December 2017 the Group had sufficient cash resources to finance its operational activities until at least Q2 2018. Mitigation Change 1 2 3 Risk and Compliance Committee Senior management team Continually review our risk management strategy MITIGATE MONITOR IMPLEMENT Internal Audit Board of Directors Our risk management framework The Board is responsible for the systems of internal control and for reviewing their effectiveness. The internal controls are designed to manage rather than eliminate risk and provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems annually by considering the risks potentially affecting the Group. Strategic Report ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Risk Description The Groups success depends in part on its ability to obtain and maintain protection for its intellectual and proprietary information so that it can stop others from making using or selling its inventions or proprietary rights. The Groups patent applications may not be granted and its existing patent rights may be successfully challenged and revoked. The drug development process is inherently risky and is conducted over several years and consequently is costly.