 Organic growth is forecast to come from improving customer lifetime value crossselling and international scalability of digital intelligence products. As well as improving profits from our consultancy and advisory business we anticipate further growth following the acquisition of MarketMakers which has already started to positively impact our client offering and internal capabilities. Segment review Marketing This segment includes all the Groups brands that serve marketing and creative professionals including Econsultancy Marketing Week Festival of Marketing Celebrity Intelligence Fashion Beauty Monitor Design Week Creative Review Oystercatchers and Centaurs most recent acquisition MarketMakers. The portfolio now represents 56 of the Groups revenue. It is the strongest example of our Group strategy to continue to deliver long term value for our clients and shareholders by investment in digital products and services. Marketing Week alongside Creative Review and Design Week accelerated its move away from printbased revenues in 2017 with a digital first contentled strategy. Unlike 2016 these brands all suffered from doubledigit decline in traditional advertising revenue and recruitment streams as clients throughout the year reduced their advertising spend. The opportunity now exists for our teams to offer broader horizontal client solutions a key area of development for Centaurs next phase of growth helping us to further reduce exposure to volatile advertising streams by building higher value longer term relationships with clients. Our focus on fewer larger events has worked well with growth in profits for both Marketing Week Live and Festival of Marketing. The Festival staged in October 2017 and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 PERFORMANCE CEO Review 2017 was a pivotal year for Oystercatchers as it integrated into Centaur and built a fresh new proposition combining the best of two worlds Oystercatchers unique pitch model consultancy training and Club alongside the expert content and events of Centaur brands such as Econsultancy and Festival of Marketing. The team had success in broadening their remit with clients such as EY and Samsung. It onboarded exciting new clients including Formula One and Centrica and brought new processes and transformational change to the Post Office and Bwin. As a result of client success the Financial Times acknowledged Oystercatchers as one of the UKs leading management consultancies and awarded the brand four out of six stars in the marketing brand and pricing category alongside AT Kearney Capgemini and LEK Consulting. Both Econsultancy and Oystercatchers suffered from a decline in face to face training in the second half of the year. However given market demand for Elearning and growth potential Oystercatchers training team has been consolidated within Econsultancy creating a combined force to deliver digital excellence. In tandem this internal move allows Oystercatchers to focus on its core consultancy services and help the wider Centaur Group improve horizontality and deliver endtoend valuable solutions for clients. Meanwhile Econsultancys sponsored research division recorded a strong yearonyear performance with key projects completed with global innovation and technology clients including Microsoft Google Adobe and LinkedIn. Having entered 2017 with challenging underlying business trends for to grow from strength to strength. The Development Boards remit is to change Centaur for good and act as a communications channel between our people and the senior leadership. Sponsored last year by Suki Thompson the Development Board now leads our internal charity sponsorship activity and has planned and delivered new initiatives including a recognition scheme football and softball teams regular yoga mindfulness and meditation sessions lunch and learns and last but not least a Bike Clinic and Cycle Safety session to encourage people to cycle to work. Through the Apprenticeship Levy we are supporting a number of staff to achieve professional qualifications in Management and Leadership Digital Marketing and Data Analysis. During the year we had many successes with The Lawyer winning the blue ribbon PPA Business Media Brand of the Year Econsultancy winning Best technology partner for Marketing Week Mini MBA at the AOP Awards and Marketing Week winning Digital Brand of the Year. Summary We will continue to enforce our customer focus enhance our products and simplify our operating structure. Our investment into digital products and our improved overall revenue mix will enhance performance going forward and we remain confident that our strategy is building longterm value for our shareholders. These results and achievements would not have been possible without the full commitment and energy of every Centaurion. I am continuously impressed by the expertise of my colleagues across the Group. The levels of passion and deep knowledge of our content specialists and their commitment to innovate or misuse of personal data or confidential information on our softwarehardware due to the actions of a Centaur employee partner or third party. See also GDPR below. Appropriate IT security is undertaken for all key processes to keep the IT environment safe. Websites are hosted by specialist thirdparty providers who provide warranties relating to security standards. All of our websites have been migrated onto a new and more secure platform which is cloud hosted and databases have been cleansed and upgraded during 2015 2016 and ongoing in 2017. External access to data is protected and staff are instructed to password protect or encrypt where appropriate. The Director of Data and Analytics ensures that rigorous controls are in place to ensure that warehouse data can only be downloaded by the data team. Integration of the warehouse with current databases and data captured and stored elsewhere is ongoing. Centaur has a business continuity plan which includes its IT systems and there is daily overnight backup of data stored offsite. Please see below for specifics relating to GDPR compliancedata. The Board considers this risk to be broadly the same as the prior year. 2 Regulatory GDPR. Stricter requirements regarding how Centaur handles personal data including that of customers and the risk of a fine from the ICO third party claims e.g. from customers as well as reputational damage if we do not comply.