 The GSOC receives analyses and responds to all the security intelligence and data for a customer. Customers may award these activities to a G4S GSOC in order to obtain network benefits and access our security expertise. G4S Solutions portfolio In some markets we are seeing a move towards integrated solutions where security or cashmanagement technology are delivered under one integrated solution. We use both thirdparty technology as well as our own worldclass proprietary technology in areas such as visitor management identity and credentials management access control integrated video systems and riskmanagement software. SECURITY PERSONNEL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE ACTIVE SECURITY ACCESS CONTROL SOFTWARE EDUCATION AWARENESS MECHANICAL SECURITY Watch our animated business model online at www.g4s.cominvestors. SOCIETY G4S delivers a broad range of social and economic benefits to the communities in which we work many of which are helping to realise the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals see page 18. CUSTOMERS 2.5bn Total contract value of new business won in 2017 SHAREHOLDERS 5.9 Growth in Adjusted EPS from core businesses in 2017 to 17.9p EMPLOYEES 570000 People employed by G4S around the world SUPPLIERS 55000 Suppliers provide services and products to G4S around the world Please see pages 12 to 34 for more details. Strategic report Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 G4S plc 11 ENGAGING WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS Stakeholder engagement SOCIETY CUSTOMERS Our key stakeholders are those who most materially impact our strategy or are directly impacted by it. Engagement with stakeholders is essential for us as a security business with our role in society the global nature of our business and substantial workforce. SHAREHOLDERS The company actively seeks to engage with shareholders on a regular basis. Oneonone meetings between management and shareholders Group investor meetings hosted by management Results announcements and trading updates Participation in investor relations association and best practice events Annual governance meetings with the Chairman CSR updates with the Chair of the CSR committee Annual General Meeting Through understanding our customers needs we can offer valueadded innovative costeffective security solutions and build enduring relationships. How we engage Relationship management c150000 customers Bidding processes Customer service Net promoter score Key stakeholders Our employees touch the lives of others every day providing crucial services to help keep society safe and secure. Operations which promote secure and stable communities CSR Materiality Review with key stakeholders see page 83 Communityengagement programmes Tax and economic contributions Government relationships and parliamentary engagement NGO and UN agency engagement Industry forums EMPLOYEES With around 570000 colleagues G4S is one of the worlds largest private sector employers. Our success is underpinned by the way we lead and engage with our people. HR core standards set the framework for employee engagement. Onboarding induction and refresher training Biennial global allemployee and senior management engagement surveys Works councils and employee representative forums including through UNI the global union with whom G4S signed a global Ethical Employment Partnership in 2008 Newsletters videos employee selfservice candidates for jobs with G4S have a positive recruitment experience while going through an efficient and effective hiring process. The second provides guidance on good retention practices. Both toolkits are online and contain templates that are easy to follow and adopt. They emphasise the importance of ensuring applicants know what will be expected before they apply and if they do join G4S there are robust processes in place to welcome induct train and support them. Feedback from our most recent global employee survey suggests that our employees feel well equipped to perform their role with over 90 of respondents stating they understand their job procedures. Often employee turnover is at its highest in the initial months after appointment which suggests there is still more to do to retain our newest colleagues. In order to build our reputation as a good employer and attract candidates from the widest talent pools With around 570000 people G4S is one of the worlds largest private sector employers. Our employees and services touch the lives of others every day providing crucial services to keep them safe and secure. Our success is therefore underpinned by the way we attract develop and engage with our people as well as the culture and values that shape the way we work and how our colleagues carry out their roles. 2017 ACHIEVEMENTS Our strategy continued CREATING THE RIGHT CULTURE The G4S values are embedded in the standards policies and guidance which we set out to help employees and managers perform Paci c 10 North America 10 Europe 8 UK Ireland 7 Employee gender diversity in 2017 0 20 40 60 80 100 Board 70 83.9 85.3 30 16.1 14.7 Senior management Total employees Female Male DEFINING OUR SOCIETAL IMPACT We play an important role in society. Through its services and organisation G4S delivers a broad range of significant and farreaching social and economic benefits to the communities in which we work many of which are helping to realise the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals SDGs. We create employment opportunities and invest in and develop our employees. We directly benefit them and our suppliers through the salaries benefits and payments we make for goods and services. In our Care Justice operations we develop innovative programmes to rehabilitate offenders and provide them with the encouragement and skills needed to help them rebuild their lives once released. We deliver a wide range of specialist security services that mitigate the risk or impact of criminal behaviour and help to create safer and more stable communities. Our colleagues work with governments and non governmental organisations in highrisk environments such as former conflict areas to support humanitarian stabilisation and economicreconstruction efforts. Our focus on safety has helped reduce the risk of injury and fatality. We encourage industry standards to be raised.