 Employees We provide jobs and salaries creating local purchasing power. In 2017 153.2 million was paid in wages and salaries. Consumers Obesity and other health issues such as diabetes are a growing concern within our markets and we are committed to helping our consumers make informed choices to live healthier and more active lives. Communities 67000 donated to good causes through our employee community support programmes. Our communities also indirectly bene t from the value that we create for all our stakeholders across our value chain. Governments Through paying taxes in the jurisdictions where we operate we support the development of public infrastructure healthcare and educational provision. Customers Maintaining strong relationships with customers is critical for our brands to be available and well presented to our consumers. 4 5 6 Creating value from exports Under International we export Britvic products around the world and are a signi cant player in the travel sector. MARKETING We market our brands to consumers through diff erent channels including television print digital and outdoor advertising. Our responsible approach We follow relevant applicable national and local legislation and regulation. We also support voluntary industry codes of practice wherever possible. In accordance with our Responsible Marketing Code all marketing activity must be in keeping with both the letter and the spirit of legislation regulation and such codes. Our marketing also complies with all other relevant Britvic policies such as the ethical business policy. CONSUMER We believe that any tax gone down Profit after tax is a statutory measure and takes into account oneoff costs that have been incurred. In our case the bulk of these oneoff costs relate to our business capability programme and cover things such as scrapping old assets and dualrunning costs of old and new lines. Adjusted EBITA which adjusts for these oneoff costs generated growth of over 5. Are you feeling more or less con dent on the prospects for Fruit Shoot in the USA than last year We have made steady progress over the last 12 months growing distribution and market share. As we head into 2018 we are clear on our priorities of delivering consistent quality instore execution. Improving availability onshelf great feature and display as well as building awareness through sampling and trial are all key areas to focus on. juices. In addition Fruit Shoot has continued to grow benefiting from the recent introduction of new flavour variants and the launch of a higherjuice Fruit Shoot range called Fruizeo that uses spring water and has no added sugar. Ireland The year has seen continued success in Ireland with growth in both our own brand portfolio and the Counterpoint wholesale business. Growth in Counterpoint has been further boosted by additional business in Dublin following the successful completion of the acquisition of East Coast in January. Our owned brands including Ballygowan and MiWadi have grown whilst 7UP declined in a competitive lemon and lime category. Realise global opportunities in kids family and adult package including redeployment assistance to find jobs elsewhere and redundancy packages. Upon completion of the proposed works in early 2019 we will then be in a position to realise the full benefits of the programme from 2020 in line with previously stated guidance. As well as greater production efficiency we will benefit from reduced distribution costs and will be able to unlock a working capital benefit by carrying lower inventory. Free cash flow conversion should accelerate significantly as capital Purdeys Purdeys was relaunched in 2016 to target the demand for a more natural energy drink. Purdeys is a multivitamin juice drink that contains vitamins and natural botanicals to give a natural lift. It has performed well with consumers and increased its retail value by 55 this year. In 2017 we introduced Purdeys in a 250ml can format helping more people to thrive on the go. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Britvic plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 From left to right back row Hessel De Jong Managing Director International Clive Hooper Chief Supply Chain Officer Paul Graham Managing Director GB Doug Frost Chief Human Resources Officer Kevin Donnelly Managing Director Ireland front row JeanLuc Tivolle Managing Director Britvic France Mathew Dunn Chief Financial Officer Simon Litherland Chief Executive Officer Matthew Barwell Chief Marketing Officer Joo Caetano de Mello Neto Chief Executive Officer Ebba Brazil CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT CONTINUED A strong performance for GB carbonates this year especially Pepsi MAX are you con dent you can repeat this not participate in company incentive arrangements and do not receive any form of pension provision. NEDs will be reimbursed by the company for all reasonable expenses incurred in performing their duties of office and may have any tax thereon paid by the company .. The maximum fee level for each NED is set by reference to fees paid in UKlisted companies of a similar size and scope to Britvic. Any planned increases in fees will take into account general increases across the wider employee population. na DIRECTORS REMUNERATION POLICY CONTINUED 70 www.britvic.com Illustration of the application of Remuneration Policy As described in the remuneration principles section on page 64 the Committee believes that our executive remuneration packages should provide a significant part of potential reward through performance based incentive plans. Set out below are the potential total pay outcomes for both Executive Directors across three alternative performance scenarios under the current Remuneration Policy. The three scenarios are minimum ontarget and maximum performance respectively. For simplicity the illustrations below are calculated before any change in share price and rollup of dividends.