 This redevelopment at the gateway to the campus adjacent to the new Crossrail station progresses our vision to create a worldclass vibrant mixed use destination at Broadgate. w w w. b r i ti s hl an d. c o m 1 0 0 L i v er p o ol S t r e e t To read more information about our Offices portfolio go to pages 35 to 37. 1 Following disposal of 50 interest in The Leadenhall Building completing after the year end. 1200 different organisations ranging from international brands to local startups are based at our properties. 3 British Land Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We have led our sector in a number of outstanding deals reflecting the quality of our portfolio Total accounting return 1 2.7 2016 14.2 Dividend per share 29 .2p 2016 28.36p 33 womens representation across Executive Committee members and direct reports 2 97 of all electricity we purchase comes from renewable sources working towards 100 as an RE100 partner 1 Please see the Glossary for definition. 2 HamptonAlexander Review November 2016. Not many people predicted the political outcomes seen over the last 12 months not only in the UK but around the world. It was certainly an eventful year. But good businesses become stronger when they are put to the test and I am delighted to report that despite uncertainty caused by the UKs decision to leave the planning secured at Eden Walk Blossom Street and 23 Finsbury Avenue and submissions for Meadowhall Leisure and 1 Triton Square. 5 Established our Bright Lights skills and employment programme for our suppliers occupiers and local communities Includes 70 placements on our Starting Out in Retail programme with 75 moving into long term employment. 1.7 apprentices in our tier 1 supply chain pilot study as we work towards our 2020 target of 3. Oxford Properties we exchanged contracts for the sale of The Leadenhall Building for a headline price of 1.15 billion the most expensive building ever sold in the City of London. Weve also had good letting activity over the year solid evidence that our properties are delivering what our customers want. As a result our portfolio is virtually full at 98. In a changing world sustainable places are becoming increasingly sought after and continue to create value as they are both resilient and well positioned to respond to changing customer needs. We are proactively designing new buildings with a focus on health wellbeing and productivity of the consumers and employees who will use those buildings. In addition initiatives to deliver our Local Charter make positive local contributions and help our places become part of their local communities. As the Governments Minimum Energy Efficiency Standards have the potential to affect property values our awardwinning efficiency programme has positioned our portfolio well and we have become a partner of RE100 committed to using 100 electricity from renewable sources. Our target for is on track to complete by the end of 2017. The improvements have already helped attract new brands to Meadowhall including Neals Yard Nespresso Hawes Curtis Flannels and Ghost London. 90 of our car parking spaces are free 52 of our London assets are close to Crossrail stations Improvements driving performance We invested 6 million enhancing the environment at our Local centre Tollgate in Colchester reconfiguring the car park improving landscaping and signage adding a playground and installing a series of mosaics including one designed by local schoolchildren. ERV growth in the year following completion of the works was 14. Community and creativity 121 young carers from our communities explored their creativity this year through our awardwinning artspace initiative with arts charity Create. They worked with professional artists at Eden Walk in Kingston Paddington Central SouthGate in Bath Surrey Quays Whiteley in Fareham and at our head office to deliver creative activities enlivening our places. Promoting wellbeing We have completed our programme of public realm improvements at Paddington Central timed to coincide with the launch of 4 Kingdom Street. Landscaped areas and outdoor seating create places to relax and spend time outside the office and an art installation Message from the Unseen World a tribute to computer scientist Alan Turing now spans the width of Bishops Bridge Road enlivening the space underneath the bridge. Authenticity How our users feel and interact with the space Function Facilities and safety Form Efficient and effective buildings and spaces 20 British Land Annual Report Sunday Times provides an extensive and objective measure of employee engagement Risk indicators we monitor Unplanned executive departures Management compensation linked to Quality of people and management renewal For how we manage risk in delivering Our strategy see pages 46 to 53. Links to remuneration L o n g te r m Incentive Plan A nn u a l Incentive award For our Remuneration Report see pages 73 to 88. 27 British Land Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our high quality portfolio continues to generate strong income streams with high occupancy and long leases we also have optionality to create value from our development pipeline 13.9bn portfolio valuation 3.1 total property return 1.1 ERV growth 1.4 valuation movement 8.3 years weighted average unexpired lease term 98 occupancy rate 44 carbon intensity reduction since 2009 index score Market and strategy It is nearly one year since the UK voted to leave the European Union. In that time the economy has outperformed expectations with GDP projections for 2017 revised upwards to an average of 2 and unemployment below 5 its lowest in over 40 years. However we have entered a prolonged period of uncertainty and businesses will face a number of headwinds. Mindful of this background but facing a clear need to move forward occupiers are continuing to make decisions but plans are taking longer to come to fruition. This is reflected in our markets. IPD capital return fell 2.