iea.orgtc Key power market trends We see certain trends running through the power market that favor ContourGlobals disciplined and opportunistic growth strategy In emerging markets rapid electrification and expanding demand result in significant need for investment across all types of generation providing interesting opportunities for power generation players. Especially in Africa and Eastern Europe there are few international operators actively pursuing opportunities and we expect to grow in these regions given our strong operational presence track record and ability to creatively structure our projects both financially and contractually. In these markets we will continue using Political Risk Insurance PRI to protect our investment. The demand for new power and the transformation of governance in developing markets Source EIA The generation sector in some jurisdictions can be microcyclical driven by economic fluctuations availability of domestic capital and financingcapital markets volatility. The fluctuations can create a downward or upward pressure on returns. Remaining flexible around geographies associated presence in and knowledge of high growth markets and creativity on structuring projects create above market returns when cyclicality pressures returns upwards. The value of generation assets varies over time depending on numerous factors including size geography technology and the differing strategies of potential investors. The opportunity set constantly evolves and the areas where the best riskadjusted returns appear in the development. To expect embrace and enable excellence and continuous learning through humility and the knowledge that we will fail but when we do we will learn. To act transparently and with moral integrity. To honor the commitments of those who have placed their trust in us. To work hard and without boundaries as a multinational integrated team And adding value For our stakeholders Investors We adhere to the highest standards of corporate governance and business ethics. Employees We uphold human rights and labor principles throughout the Companys value chain. Communities We engage with stakeholders within the communities where the Company works through social initiatives. Governments We promote sector development and laudable business practices by interacting with governments and civil society. We have a rigorous proven way of adding value to our assets Health and safety comes first in everything we do creating a continuous improvement culture Industry leading operational performance across all assets and divisions leveraging existing operational infrastructure for future growth Competitive cost base structure with relentless focus on continued monitoring of fixed costs Experienced and international senior management team without a dominant nationality Proven ability to deliver high growth and successful integration of new assets creating operational improvements and reducing costs Risk mitigation through creative commercial structuring that provides protection against currency credit and resource risks. Use of political risk insurance that provides a more stable structure for investments into developing countries Driven by our strategy Our principles are our strategy Operate safely and efficiently minimizing environmental impacts Nations Global Compact. Risk Factor Main impact Risk Response management and mitigation R06 REGULATION AND COMPLIANCE FRAUD BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION The risk that lack of transparency threat of fraud public sector corruption and other forms of criminal activity involving government officials will result in a failure to comply with anticorruption legislation including the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other international antibribery laws. Financial impact Financial losses as a result of fraudulent activities Violations of anticorruption or other laws Criminal andor civil sanctions against individuals andor the Company Loss of trust by key stakeholders Debarment by multilateral development banks and international financial institutions Image and reputation impact Reputational harm Exclusion from government funding programs Strong antibribery compliance program that reflects the components of an effective ethics and compliance program as set forth by various international conventions and enforcement authorities which is reviewed periodically. Policies and procedures include Code of Conduct and Business Ethics AntiCorruption Policy AntiCorruption Compliance Guide Policy for Engaging Supplier and ThirdParty Service Providers Gifts Hospitality Policy Compliance Transactional Due Diligence Protocol Business Development Consultant Compliance Protocol Periodic certification by employees. Riskbased due diligence including for third parties and transactions. Online portals Third Party Service Provider and Supplier Portal Gifts Hospitality Portal Document Review and Signature Approval Procedure crossfunctional Ethics Line Regular checks and audits Biannual combined Compliance and Finance Audits Internal spot checks Periodic tailored risk based training according to a yearly training plan. R07 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INTEGRITY AND RELIABILITY OF CORPORATE IT SYSTEMS Many of the Companys plants which provide electricity and certain other services to beverage bottling companies. Renewable Energy for power generating plants operating from renewable resources such as wind solar and hydro in Europe and South America. Renewables plants include Asa Branca Chapada I II III Inka Vorotan Austria Portfolio 1 2 and our other European and Brazilian plants. The Corporate Other category primarily reflects costs for certain centralized functions including executive oversight corporate treasury and accounting legal compliance human resources IT political risk insurance and facilities management and certain technical support costs that are not allocated to the segments for internal management reporting purposes. The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments based on Adjusted EBITDA which is defined as profit for the period from continuing operations before income taxes net finance costs depreciation and amortization acquisition related expenses and specific items which have been identified and adjusted by virtue of their size nature or incidence. In determining whether an event or transaction is specific management considers quantitative as well as qualitative factors such as the frequency or predictability of occurrence. The CODM does not review nor is presented a segment measure of total assets and total liabilities. All revenue is derived from external customers. 2. Summary of significant accounting policies continued Leases For those arrangements determined to be or to contain leases further judgment is required to determine whether the arrangement is finance or operating lease.