 ITV total revenue inc. internal revenue Broadcast Online 2075m ITV Studios 1582m ITV adjusted EBITA Broadcast Online 599m ITV Studios 243m 6 ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chairmans Statement Were reporting on a challenging year but one in which ITV has made signicant progress. ITV delivered a strong operating performance with great onscreen and online viewing. Against this net advertising revenue NAR reacted to political and economic uncertainty contracting by just under 5 though as we report this trend improved towards the end of the period. Our rebalanced company saw continued growth in nonNAR revenues from sponsorship from digital and from production both at home and abroad. We thank our former Chief Executive Adam Crozier along with the executive team for these important advances. And Im very grateful to Ian Grifths who added the role of Chief Operating Ofcer to Group Finance Director. ITVs mass commercial audience is at the heart of our offer to viewers and advertisers. We own the only such mass audience in the UK. Weve now grown our share of television viewing for two years in a row. And our broadcast schedule offers the most trusted medium of brand advertising where an impact is watching an entire full screen advertisement with the sound up where no impacts are fake where a brand is guaranteed adjacency to trusted content and where theres no adblocking. Meanwhile ITV Studios now produces for over 200 channels in 11 countries around the world. This underlines the enduring strengths on which well build our new revenue streams in the future. So with our strong balance sheet were able to deliver good returns to shareholders while also investing in that future. In line with our dividend policy and reflecting the Boards condence in the business and the outlook for 2018 the Board is proposing a nal dividend of 5.28p which equates to a full year dividend of 7.8p up 8. Sir Peter Bazalgette Chairman 7 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional information Chairmans Statement Dividend Dividend per share p ordinary 7.8p 8 YoY 7.8p increase on 2010 1.6 3.5 4.7 6.0 7.2 2.6 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 7.8p 17 Our awardwinning daytime shows thriving soaps and major dramas are a vital part of Britains national conversation exploring topical social issues that dene our culture. And as a major employer of creative talent in Manchester Leeds and London our role in the nations growing creative economy is very important to us. Id like to thank my Board colleagues for their valuable support and input during 2017. We welcome Margaret Ewing as our vastly experienced new Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. And we shortly bid farewell to Andy Haste and John Ormerod each of them having committed ten fruitful years to the Company. We have a clear plan to continue to improve the diversity of the Board. At the time of writing our gender balance is now 40 female and 60 male. And we intend in the medium term also to widen our ethnic diversity beyond our current one BAME member. Finally on behalf of the Board I want to thank all ITV colleagues for their excellent contribution in 2017. With that quality of commitment well prosper in the future. Sir Peter Bazalgette Chairman As we work hard on ITVs next chapter of growth we are thinking about our digital competitors. And we see just as many opportunities to seize as threats to ward off. Netflix and Amazon may compete with us for viewers but they also buy our programmes and coproduce major new series. Talking of that future we were delighted to welcome Carolyn McCall as our new Chief Executive at the beginning of 2018. Investors will be familiar with her background in media her experience of direct to consumer relationships and use of consumer data her ability to design and implement astute strategy and her understanding of what it is to run an international company. In short shes someone with a track record of delivering value to shareholders. As she explains shes already started her strategy refresh. Today theres quite rightly a growing emphasis on company culture and social purpose. These are qualities ITV as a Public Service Broadcaster has always kept front of mind hand in hand with entertainment. But now theyre in even sharper focus. As a producer of trusted sourced national news regional news and current affairs in an age of fake news we also allows us to build direct to consumer relationships around our great content and programme brands something we are just at the start of but already we have 75 of all 16 to 34 year olds registered. And through voting and competitions within our programmes we had over 100 million interactions last year. Creating and owning quality content is a real advantage. The integrated producer broadcaster model is also a benet we have a great opportunity to make content famous on our channels in the UK before selling it round the world. Not only does our success onscreen and online depend on having fantastic content but the global demand for high quality programming remains strong as broadcasters and platform owners look for brand dening content. Emmerdale performed strongly in 2017 with an average of 6.5 million viewers and a 33 share this was its highest share in four years. 17 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional information Chief Executives Report An Hour to Catch a Killer Trevor McDonald presented this oneoff documentary as part of ITVs Crime and Punishment season broadcast on the main channel in 2017. While the economic outlook remains uncertain we expect ITV Family NAR to be positive in the rst half with Q1 up 1 a continuation of the improvement we saw towards the end of 2017. In 2018 we expect online to show double digit revenue growth.