 Hunters has won more than 30 awards maintained Investor in People certification for more than a decade twice been voted Best UK Estate Agent by the Home Sale Network now the Relocation Agent Network and featured in the Sunday Times Best 100 Companies. 2006 Hunters Training Academy established offering free training to all staff First Franchisee commenced trading under the Hunters brand with the network increasing to 24 branches by 2008 2011 Geographic footprint expanded through the acquisition of the franchising arm of Countrywide 2013 Broke through 100 branches The Hunters Group operates one of the largest franchised sales and lettings estate agency businesses in the UK. 2014 Launched Hunters vocational qualifications HVQ 2015 Hunters launched its first national TV commercial and brand promise Here to get you there Admitted to trading on the AIM market of The London Stock Exchange 2016 Converted Hunters Midlands to the Blue Hunters branding At Hunters we aim to deliver a more personal tailored service with the customer at the heart of everything we do. The brand the training the system and support has helped me grow my business and income allowing me to open my second branch. CAROLINE MURGATROYD TRING AND LEIGHTON BUZZARD Proven track record of organic and acquisitive growth Opening its first franchising branch in 2006 the Group acquired a network in 2011 whose branches have increased their respective annual 2018 Foxtons plc 28th February 2018 LSL Property Services plc 6th March 2018 partners even against a challenging backdrop as well as significantly reducing their cost of key operating costs such as portal subscriptions through our economies of scale and purchasing power. Customer satisfaction is always a key measure and at 95 customer satisfaction rating over the year 2016 96 is our sixth year in a row at over 90 which remains significantly higher than the industry average of 73 2. Our business and our network partners commit to deliver for our customers. This underpins our belief that business owners will work harder and deliver better results than a network of employees selfemployed operatives on shortterm contracts or those engaged to simply list a home rather than actually selling or letting a property. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank everyone in the network who has worked so hard to deliver these excellent results and our customer service teams for working with our clients to help us get them there. CURRENT TRADING OUTLOOK We expect the current subdued levels of transactions to continue in 2018. Hunters performance to date in the year is in line with the Boards expectations given our more limited London exposure we are not expecting to be as affected as other players have reported already 3 although we have built in an increase in churn for consolidation within this sector. We would expect this market to provide us with an enhanced opportunity to Karl Baxter Astley Bridge and Darwen Steve Christie and Jack Bingham Stourbridge Nicola Simmonds Bridlington Filey Malton and Scarborough. CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RATING 90 for over 5 years STRATEGIC REPORT OVERVIEW GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 08 09 HUNTERS PROPERTY PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS Strategic Report The Hunters franchise network We are successful because we are all about people and are a brand you can trust. Our aim is to establish the needs of our clients so we can customise our service to meet their expectations. The great feedback we receive assures us we get this right. LISA PRESTON TEESSIDE 1 Source 2015 survey by The Property Academy 2 Source Residential Landlords Association June 2015 Our network has grown to 213 branches 2016 186 branches. A NATIONAL RECOGNISED SALES AND LETTINGS BRAND In 2017 Hunters has cemented its reputation as a recognised national brand. This has been achieved through a comprehensive and ongoing national marketing campaign that has included targeted and prime time TV advertising schedule a digital marketing campaign and an increase in branches throughout the UK. Our TV advert reached 38 of the adult population throughout the year and Hunters achieved weekly coverage in national media for our properties and branches key industry comments on trade platforms and highlights in leading lifestyle title through a comprehensive PR campaign. Our digital campaign delivered over 4 million impressions raising the brand across social media and driving traffic to our website which sees an average of 240000 visits per month an increase of over 20 from 2016. Over 79 of site traffic in 2017 came from new visits demonstrating our increasing appeal to new audiences. ECONOMIES OF SCALE Individual Franchisees and independent businesses benefit from centralised support services and improved buying rates for example for portals as compared to individual branch costs resulting in significant savings. STRONG REPUTATION FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE PUTTING THE CUSTOMER AT THE HEART OF OUR BUSINESS Every salelet is followed up by a call from our Customer Service Team to ensure that we always deliver on our promises. The results from the 4155 customers who responded in 2017 show a 95 customer satisfaction rating the national average for our industry is 73 1. LEGISLATION REGULATION There are 160 pieces of legislation that lettings agents must comply with and over 400 regulations 2. Being part of the Hunters network assists their compliance whilst also helping to alleviate the increasing strain of investigation and research that independent agents face in order to be compliant. REVENUE GROWTH Independent agents that converted to Hunters in the three years to December 2015 have now increased their revenue over the level that they were running at on average by 29. TRAINING The Hunters Training Academy was established in 2006 and provides a combination of classroom training ELearning courses and videobased training.