 And at the same time Shire exceeded its challenging integration synergy targets for the year saving money and managing its global procurement systems in the most costeffective and efficient manner. Despite these many achievements Shires share price performance was disappointing. For a Board management team and company focused on improving shareholder value the challenge is clear and we have strengthened our resolve to improve and succeed in 2018. For Shire success means delivering more innovative solutions to the patients who depend on us. We know that if patients physicians and caregivers appreciate and value our products then shareholders will also benefit. In this way 2017 was not just a year of integration but also one of preparation for the future. In 2017 we launched 50 products in 25 countries with therapies to treat diseases such as short bowel syndrome hypoparathyroidism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ADHD. We significantly advanced our Research and Development RD pipeline with 54 major market filings around the world and continued to invest in areas where we see great need and opportunity such as immunology. We maintained our dedication to our environment and the communities in which we serve. In 2017 Shire developed our new Responsibility strategy with commitments and longterm goals to be achieved by 2025. We also held our third annual Global Day of Service during which more than 7300 Shire employees from around the world dedicated more than 29000 hours of their time to volunteering adjusted ROIC Non GAAP Net debt Non GAAP EBITDA ratio Read more on page 16 Efficiency We operate a lean and agile integrated organization and reinvest for growth. 14 Shire Annual Report 2017 Innovation We build our pipeline through RD and business development with a focus on innovation and value for patients. premature infants and recombinant ADAMTS13 SHP655 U.S. congenital thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura Granted two U.S. FDA Orphan Drug Designations for SHP654 U.S. hemophilia A and antiMAdCAM antibody SHP647 U.S. pediatric ulcerative colitis and one U.S. FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for maribavir SHP620 U.S. cytomegalovirus infection and disease in transplant patients Strengthened Ophthalmics pipeline with inlicensing of SHP659 a Phase 2 asset for DED from Parion Sciences Inc. Expanded antibody research by licensing preclinical bispecific antibody for hemophilia A from Novimmune SA Priorities for 2018 Execute on the regulatory review process for SHP643 U.S. HAE and other key program filings Advance our latestage clinical development portfolio in rare diseases as well as SHP680 and BUCCOLAM to support growth of both the Rare Disease and Neuroscience divisions Supplement our earlystage pipeline through inlicensing or product acquisitions and invest in key research capabilities to support sustained innovation and growth Continue to deepen our expertise in immunology and strengthen our antibody development capabilities Pursue advances in medical devices to enhance marketed and pipeline products Progress in 2017 Solidified presence in prime locations and consolidated into hubs such as an Innovation Hub in Cambridge MA to attract the best talent and foster a high new Global Commission will harness the power of technology as they consider how to shorten the often multiple year journey for patients and families to arrive at an accurate diagnosis. Working with a multisector group of rare disease experts from patient advocacy groups academicresearch institutions hospitals and health systems policy organizations technology and biotechnology companies together they are creating an actionable roadmap to break down barriers to diagnosis and expect to publish their report early in 2019. Graeme Living with hemophilia Reflecting on growing up with hemophilia Graeme is now able to have a more positive outlook on life and his treatment options. by more than 400 healthcare providers in 24 countries outside the United States. In the future Shire plans to extend the utility of myPKFiT to another one of our hemophilia therapies ADYNOVATE. As science progresses we are becoming more aware of the benefits of precision medicine and devices for achieving the best outcomes for patients. As a result we are investigating opportunities to provide more customized experiences in other therapeutic areas using quantitative pharmacology and machine learning to enable data driven healthcare. Shire strives to be a datadriven organization in everything we do. Last year Shire launched a suite of intelligence tools that enhances our understanding of how patients access our therapies. The suite is powered by advanced analytics and a robust dashboard tool that analyzes current data for better realtime decision making while creating predictive data models to guide future efforts. This is already one of employees globally and fosters respect for individual characteristics and values. As a global organization our employees patients business and society benefit when we show respect consideration and inclusion of different perspectives in our work every day. Shires diverse talent around the world drives our success. As an employer Shire welcomes the opportunity to affirm its continuing commitment to provide equal employment or advancement opportunity and to dedicate ourselves to establishing a work environment that is free from discrimination. This means that as an employer Shire will not tolerate discrimination against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race color religion gender national origin ancestry age sexual orientation marital status pregnancy nonjob related mental or physical disability genetic information veteran status or military service. We are committed to the fair treatment and reasonable accommodation of applicants or employees disabilities in accordance with all applicable laws in the respective locations of all Shire facilities. Recognizing and rewarding Our pay for performance philosophy provides managers with a variety of programs to recognize and reward employee contributions. Our employee share purchase plans enable employees to have a vested interest in Shires success. We focus on communicating to drive performance at every level of the business for example through oneon one performance discussions between managers and employees and allemployee meetings held at our major sites.