......... .... www.rank.com 17 upheaval which met with some employee opposition and undoubtedly had an impact on morale and performance. The business should now be in a much stronger and positive position with the project fully implemented. Mecca suffered from declines in visits but managed to outperform its main competitors and continued to maintain good cost control. More importantly we have trialled a number of bingo variants for example Big Bingo Bash Bonkers Bingo which are showing promise and with the recently launched Luda there is plenty to drive growth. Our digital business had a strong year with profits up significantly. With 15 revenue 2 growth we are outstripping UK market growth for digital gaming with Grosvenor continuing its stellar trajectory and Mecca showing good progress in the lower growth digital bingo sector. We changed our digital operating structure making way for a multibrand approach and made a number of new hires into key positions such that we feel that we now have a very strong team. We also continued continued to look at how we could best run the centre of our organisation closing our central London office and moving to a larger and more modern Maidenhead headquarters. The resulting workspace has led to a much more unified organisation and a positive environment. Where do the Companys priorities lie in the next 12 months Beyond achieving performance targets and all our brands showing solid growth we are focused on five specific areas which will help drive growth and longterm value. In the course of 201718 we will launch a single account and wallet product across our Grosvenor channels. It will see the delivery of a complex solution combining different systems and technologies from a range of partners and suppliers. The result will be a joinedup retail and digital business with customers being able to move seamlessly between the two which should drive activity and volumes in both. We will also be launching a number of new digital brands this year which should also help digital growth. Although Mecca and Grosvenor are strong established brands they appeal to a certain customer segment and having additional brands will give us an improved ability to crosssell customers into new brands and reactivate dormant customers. Grosvenors nine London casinos generate approximately half of its profit. Whilst successful clubs in their own rights they have historically been run fairly independently and have not utilised their combined benefit to full effect. Implementing a clear Grosvenor London strategy is therefore a priority for the year. We key assumptions within the Groups strategic plan. A number of plausible but severe downside risks including consideration of possible mitigating actions have been modelled with particular focus on the potential impact to cash flows net debt headroom and covenant compliance throughout the period of review. A number of assumptions were included within the assessment including no material adverse change to i gaming legislation ii the taxation of gambling beyond smaller changes to specific rates iii societal attitudes to gambling iv loss of operating licences required to operate gambling A reverse stress test was also carried out in order to analyse combinations of the above risks which could bring about insolvency unless capital was raised in such cases it is anticipated that mitigation measures including a reduction in dividends and capital expenditure could be implemented in order to forestall such an outcome. As a result of this assessment the directors have concluded that they have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over a threeyear period. Identify Mitigate Monitor Review Our risk management process www.rank.com 41 Principal risks and uncertainties Addressing our risks Regulatory finance business environment and tax risks Risk Impact Mitigation Regulation The current political and social environment continues to perceive the gambling industry in a concerned light and there is a risk that such negative publicity may lead to adverse changes in regulation and legislation. Stable Regulatory changes could increase the cost of doing Companys website at www.rank.comeninvestorscorporate governancetermsofreference.html or by writing to the company secretary. 201617 activity The Committee met on 10 occasions during the year and the issues it discussed included trading financial reporting estate management issues progress in relation to an intercompany balance reduction and Group simplification project insurance cover and uninsured risks review of nonexecutive director fees payment of dividends by the Groups two Belgian subsidiaries the Companys loan to and call option over shares in its digital platform software provider Bede Gaming decisions to delay public disclosure of discussions regarding MA activity and commercial agreements within its delegated authority. Committee meeting attendance Name Committee member since Attendance eligibility to attend Notes Current committee members Henry Birch May 14 1010 Ian Burke Mar 06 1010 Mr Burke has been Committee chairman since 15 July 2011. Clive Jennings Jul 11 1010 www.rank.com 69 REMUNERA TION COMMITTEE Steven Esom Chairman Other committee members Susan Hooper Owen ODonnell Alex Thursby Annual statement Introduction On behalf of the board I am pleased to present Ranks remuneration report which will be subject to the usual annual advisory vote at the 2017 annual general meeting. Performance in 201617 It was a challenging year for our retail businesses with the Group delivering revenue before customer incentives marginally up on prior year. However a strong digital performance and improved cost discipline across the Group contributed to a 1 increase in operating profit before exceptional items.