 Management is accountable for these milestones which are developed into annual management objectives or MBOs. Allied Minds actively supports its businesses throughout their lifecycle. During the early stages Allied Minds typically provides technical and executive leadership as well as shared services support. At the appropriate time we will support a subsidiary business in hiring a full time CEO and other critical talent and in putting in place incentives to drive results. As businesses evolve Allied Minds builds and leads the Board recruits advisors and forms advisory Boards comprising of seasoned industry experts who act as mentors while maintaining dedicated personnel to oversee progress. It is a fact of life in early stage company creation and development that not all ideas or technologies will successfully transition to commercialisation. We carefully scrutinise our portfolio of subsidiary businesses with the objective of ensuring that we identify early signs that successful commercialisation and attractive returns on investment may not be obtainable. Where it becomes evident that a company does not have a clear path to commercial traction we seek to terminate early and with minimum sunk capital while treating all parties involved fairly and with respect. Although our model assumes that not all of our investments will succeed we expect to make sufficient successful investments to generate attractive returns across the portfolio as a whole because we enjoy competitive advantages via our origination in realtime with the aim of improving diagnostics and therapies. Initially focused on prostate cancer the technology is potentially applicable to other cancers SciFluor Life Sciences Inc. 2010 69.89 Drug development company focused on creating a portfolio of best in class compounds in the fields of ophthalmology neuroscience and fibrosis. Lead clinical asset SF0166 is a topical eye droplet treatment for retinal diseases including Wet AMD and DME Signature Medical Inc. 2016 88.09 Developing cardiac signature technology on a wearable device enabling diagnosis and monitoring of heart failure during hospital therapy and post discharge 15 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 PORTFOLIO SUMMARY CONTINUED Strategic Report CONTINUED Operating Subsidiary 234 Year Formed Ownership Interest 1 Overview Technology BridgeSat Inc. 2015 98.15 Developing an optical communications service for data transfer from LEO and Geostationary Equatorial Orbit GEO satellites to earth and vice versa and between satellites targeting significantly lower cost and faster rates than current Radio Frequency RF solutions Federated Wireless Inc. 2012 52.26 Plans to offer a cloudbased SaaS service that unlocks spectrum previously unavailable to commercial users by enabling government and commercial users to securely share the same spectrum band HawkEye 360 Inc. 2015 53.06 Data analytics company seeking to commercialise the capability to detect independently geolocate and analyse diverse RF signals from space Spin Transfer Technologies Inc. 2007 48.40 Developing technology solutions that have the potential to materially enhance the endurance speed and size characteristics of MRAM magnetoresistive random access memory the emerging next generation memory technology In addition The algorithms that form the foundation of HawkEye 360 s signals processing and data analytics are proprietary to HawkEye 360. HawkEye 360 enjoys first mover advantages and is thought to be the only commercial entity currently planning for launch of satellite clusters with diverse RF signals detection mapping and analytics capabilities. Business model and target markets The first market targeted by HawkEye 360 is maritime domain awareness MDA. Per Frost and Sullivan this is currently a 1.7 billion market forecast to grow to 2.2 billion by 2024 excluding defence and intelligence expenditure. In civil government the market is anticipated to include antipiracy and pollution illegal unreported and unregulated IUU fishing and antiillegal transshipment. Other representative markets include spectrum mapping emergency response and search and rescue communicationsspectrum interference detection critical infrastructure awareness and government mission support. HawkEye 360 s subscription model is expected to generate recurring revenue. 2017 management objectives Prepare for 2018 pathfinder launch Initiate contract for development of next commercial satellite clusters Progress in 2017 Pathfinder satellites payloads and software developed tested and integrated on track for readiness ahead of summer 2018 launch schedule with additional testing conducted following launch delay Ground infrastructure for relay of dataanalytics to end customers operational with software complete and awaiting deployment 2018 key operational management objectives Successfully launch Pathfinder satellite cluster Launch MDA products and realise commercial revenue PreciSion BioPSy i nc. Overview Precision Biopsy is a medical device and analytics company using spectral analysis to distinguish tissue characteristics in realtime with the monitoring AcoustiCare TM and other products under development by Signature Medical differ from other sensor based wearables based on proprietary artificial intelligence coupled with cloudbased audio technology. Most existing technologies are based on measurement of rhythm movement or impedance. AcoustiCare TM is being developed with the objective of providing a more effective and noninvasive heart monitoring and evaluation system for patients suffering from heart failure and other indications. Remote cloud based monitoring of data transmitted by the device offers patients the potential for earlier and more targeted intervention with the benefit to the healthcare system of improving clinical outcomes reducing hospital re admissions and material associated cost. Heart failure recurrence represents an enormous underserved market opportunity and ranks among the most prevalent and costly chronic diseases. It is the number one cause of hospitalisation among US adults over the age of 65 and consumes 12 of all healthcare expenditures in developed countries. Heart failure readmission rates alone are estimated to be approximately 25 within 30 days of hospital discharge at a cost of approximately 5 billion in the US annually. During 2017 Signature Medical completed a 2.5 million Series A preferred financing round including participation by Riot Ventures an early stage investment fund focused on emerging technology and Bose Corporation a global leader in audio innovation.