 Order Intake Operating Profit Total Dividend Operating profit is stated after adjusting for amortisation of acquisitionrelated intangibles sharebased payment charges and oneoff nonrecurring items the latter totalling 0.49 million. Interim and declared final dividend in respect of the financial year. 01 Stock code SND www.sanderson.com Our Business Sanderson Annual Report 2017.indd 1 13122017 094606 25862 12 December 2017 407 PM Proof 8 At a glance Digital Retail Enterprise OmniChannel Retail Technology Sanderson helps retailers bridge the gap between online and in store shopping to offer the seamless joinedup experience their customers now demand. Solutions include instore technology backoffice systems for processing sales and fulfilling orders and mobile and ecommerce solutions to underpin online operations. Our systems allow retailers to keep pace with new devices technologies and channels driving consumer engagement retention and increased sales. Manufacturing Enterprise Resource Planning ERP software for modern manufacturing in general manufacturing engineering and food and drink processing businesses. Streamlines processes and drives growth. Wholesale Distribution Industryspecific software and warehouse management systems. Delivering sales growth and profitability efficiency and control across wholesale distribution cash and carry fulfilment and logistics businesses. Sanderson Group plc is a wellestablished and profitable software and IT services business specialising in the retail manufacturing wholesale distribution and logistics sectors. Operating primarily in the UK and Ireland the Group provides its customers with enterprise systems designed to help them run their businesses efficiently and profitably. A robust and resilient business 550 customers and c. 230 employees IT solutions a good level of confidence that at this relatively early stage of the new financial year the Group will make further progress and deliver trading results which are at least in line with market expectations for the year ending 30 September 2018. Ian Newcombe Group Chief Executive 07 Stock code SND www.sanderson.com Our Business Sanderson Annual Report 2017.indd 7 13122017 094618 25862 12 December 2017 407 PM Proof 8 Digital Retail The iPad solution is improving the customer experience and instore sales. The iPads are proving increasingly popular amongst sales assistants and customers are leaving happy. QUIZ Creating seamless shopping The Internet and mobile technology have changed the way people shop. Keeping the customer happy used to be relatively straightforward but todays new techsavvy shopper has high expectations. Digital retail is the application of new and emerging technologies in particular mobile and social to connect and transform the shopping experience and give customers what they want when and where they want it. Online shopping is easy and convenient. Open 247 the customer can shop anywhere anytime. Internet retailers can offer great discounts flash sales and use the data they hold to market to customers personalise communication and meet needs at the right time. But there remains a place for the High Street consumers still love to browse and the majority of retail sales are still storebased. Whats key for retailers is to bridge the gap between online and instore and offer the seamless joinedup shopping experience their customers now demand Retailers who fail to provide their customers with a fully connected shopping journey risk missing out on huge sales opportunities and the chance to create a retail experience where shoppers want to spend time and money. Those who do bridge the gap and utilise instore technology such as transactional kiosks and assistedselling iPads can sell beyond what is simply on the shelf. They can showcase their entire range upsell avoid lost sales by allowing customers to order outofstock items for next day delivery or use home delivery so customers dont have to carry heavy bags around. Similarly online retailers can provide joinedup shopping. For example offering click collect giving shoppers the option to complete a transaction started online instore or returning an item to a convenient location. Our digital retail proposition Digital retail is an active and fast developing market. Technology is having a major impact and Sanderson is well positioned in the sector. As a longstanding supplier of software and services to retail mail order catalogue fulfilment wholesale and online businesses we have a unique understanding of omnichannel sales and offer a comprehensive range of IT solutions to meet the needs of organisations in this industry. Our One iota business is at the forefront of retail technology working with many of the UKs leading retail brands to create and implement exceptional shopping experiences using online instore and interactive solutions. Sanderson provides integrated instore technology the backoffice systems which are so crucial to processing sales and fulfilling customer orders efficiently and mobile and ecommerce systems which underpin online operations. Our solutions help retailers keep pace with new devices technologies and channels and include desktop solutions mobile web mobile apps instore till EPoS apps assisted selling iPads kiosk deployments mobile payments such as Apple and Android Pay interactive digital signage and beacon technology which allows retailers to communicate with customers mobile devices for marketing. Working with our retail customers we help them transform the shopping experience driving consumer engagement retention and increased sales. A Sanderson solution was successfully installed at Richer Sounds Which Best High Street Shop 2017 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2017 Our Business 08 Sanderson Annual Report 2017.indd 8 13122017 094621 25862 12 December 2017 407 PM Proof 12 Enterprise Manufacturing Burger Manufacturing Company have invested in Sanderson food ERP technology to power their new 4 million factory. The cloudbased software will improve productivity across the companys operations. ERP solutions boosting efficiency and profit Sanderson has been helping UK manufacturers succeed with IT for over 30 years delivering proven software and long term value. Our latest business systems ERP Enterprise Resource Planning software and cloudbased solutions support many sectors and types of manufacturing and are specifically developed for the markets they address discrete manufacturing food and drink processing print and distribution. Designed for modern manufacturing our software helps manufacturers improve processes manage the supply chain and provide excellent customer service.