 Our Master Developer model places a premium on quality and accelerated delivery and has gained real traction with our housebuilder customers. The model involves faster planning through taking project responsibility then working with expansionist housebuilders to shorten the period between consent being granted and first construction. The licence structure encourages build out by those housebuilders whilst contracted minimum annual payments underpin the Groups future cash flows. The arrangements are capital light to our customers and at the same time provide UrbanCivic with a good future security of income. Priors Hall is part constructed and slots at the front of a chronology of what are now six strategic projects. The purchase will enable us to preserve balance by taking on some new major propositions that are not yet adopted in Local Plans. The much publicised Oxford to Cambridge rail line is being designed to encourage incremental housing as well as to re establish transport links across the middle of the country. Those clear objectives play to the strengths of our management in combining placemaking with transport. Shareholders should not take the recent realisations as a sign that we are giving up on commercial development. Instead the intention is that anything of scale will be forward funded in future. The stamp duty increase to five per cent announced in the March 2016 Budget has gone a large way to negating any Infrastructure Commission Report immediately followed by the Budget both require the rapid delivery of new large sites to achieve the housing numbers required in South East England. Our Master Developer model is halving the time from outline planning to start on site and thereafter we are on track to double historic rates of delivery. This is transformational to project economics and political credibility. Your Company is shortlisted or actively evaluating a number of significant new projects including opportunities along the Cambridge to Oxford Corridor. Should we achieve planning consent at Wintringham and Waterbeach in the current financial year with at least onetwo new strategic scale projects to come alongside that would meet the previous target that we set ourselves of having 40000 residential dwellings with UrbanCivic as Master Developer. Moreover in that eventuality three quarters of all units would be consented. Catesby There are frustrations around consented applications obtained by Catesby for 790 dwellings in high growth areas languishing in the judicial process. In one instance the earliest a Court of Appeal date could be scheduled is for April 2018 some 20 months after the initial grant of planning consent in August 2016. We will however continue to account for the trading profits on realised sales only as they come through. The competitive position of Catesby is strengthened by specialist expertise and the ability to infrastructure. The environment for promotions is becoming more challenging both in terms of the margins being bid on smaller projects and in appeal decisions on monitored by relevant senior employees. Material changes to budgets require further Board approval and only then will the five year business plan be updated and reviewing unutilised facilities and borrowing capacity over the period under review. Qualifications and assumptions In making their assessment on viability the Directors stress tested the Groups models for a number of identified risks and uncertainties which were chosen to reflect the significant uncertainty surrounding the UKs future economic prospects especially in light of triggering Article 50 and current cyclical positioning of the housing market. Specific scenarios modelled included delays in projected sales and sales rates taking into account contractual minimum receipts already in place decreases in property values and variations in discretionary expenditure that could mitigate downside revenue assumptions. No key metrics were breached with the corporate gearing remaining below 30 per cent throughout the forecast period. Based on the assessment detailed above the Directors confirm that they have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due for the next five years and that it is appropriate to continue to prepare financial statements on a going concern basis as discussed in the Directors report on page 123. This long term viability statement was approved by the Board on 27 November 2017. David Wood Finance Director FINANCIAL RE VIEW continued 33 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 UrbanCivic plc S RISK RE VIEW A top down bottom up approach to risk management Part of Nil Incidents requiring first aid Three CORPORA TE RE SPONSIBILITY continued 71 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 UrbanCivic plc S EMPLOYEES OUR APPROACH Like any company great employees hold the key to everything we do. Benchmarked salaries goalfocused bonuses and incentive schemes regular appraisals training and professional development and internal promotion are all vital components of the way we attract and retain the best employees. Retention and training We are proud of our high rates of employee retention. In 2017 we filled posts at UrbanCivic and Catesby with new colleagues including Katie Yates Lucy Smith Olivia Brown Jack Williams Kerry Milburn Kirill Simdyashkin Stephanie Burton Galina Bardarska Michael van den Berg James Findlay Carlo DEmidio and Peter Briggs. UrbanCivics staff conference was held in Rugby this year. As well as an opportunity to update on the years progress we used the conference to bring together our teams to collaborate on topics ranging from our USPs to internal communications. We are taking forward many of their suggestions into our business practices. We also organised a site tour for all employees providing a fantastic opportunity for everyone and particularly those from our central offices to see how Rugby has moved on since last year. After the main conference and the site tour we headed over to Birmingham for a team bonding meal to finish off the days activities. As in previous years we continue to invest in training.