9p 2001 33.4p. During the year the core EDC Electronic Document Capture Division continued to bene fit from its position as the leading global partner for EDC products and services with a significant level of new contract gains. In the face of very challenging global IT market condi tions EDC continued its growth record and expanded its market position by new product launches and additional partnership agreements. The SGA Samsung General Agency Division experienced declining turnover rates in difficult trading conditions but maintained an acceptable albeit lower level of operating profit contribution. FINANCIAL POSITION Due to its cash generative business model the Group generated cash flow from operations of 14.0m 2001 8.4m and ended the year with net funds of 3.8m net debt of 0.7m at 30 June 2001. The Group spent 1.7m in cash on acquisitions and other investments during the year. OPERATING REVIEW The EDC Division is DICOM Groups largest division representing 82 of profits. It develops and sells software and electronic components provides a broad range of EDC services and distributes key related products to over 1000 system integrators and software houses in more than 60 countries worldwide. EDC solutions offer end users high returns on investment by allowing data and document intensive organisations to reduce business transaction costs and improve their level of customer service. EDC achieved organic sales growth in local cur rency terms of 12. Acquisitions contributed an manufacturing industry to name the most significant vertical segments. CHASE MANHATTAN MORTGAGE HELPS MILLIONS OF AMERICANS TO REALISE THE DREAM OF PROPERTY OWNERSHIP The company is one of the largest mortgage originators and servicers and is a key component of JP Morgan Chase the nations thirdlargest bank. Chase Manhattan Mortgage chose Kofax Ascent Capture software and Adrenaline scanner controller boards and now scans more than 2.5 million documents per month. Automated indexing was changed from handprint recognition to Adrenaline bar code recognition and the enhancements dropped the manual correction rate from nearly 50 percent to less than 1 percent. Further Chase is able to automatically accept input from other applications with new polling features. Since Chase buys and services a high volume of mortgages from other financial institutions this integrated approach means Chase can quickly and easily assign loan numbers to mortgages from any source. As a result of cost improvements and reduced staff requirements Chase reduces scanning charges from 10 cents to 6 cents per page and has been able to scan 40 percent more documents using the same equipment. DIGITISING THE LAW SPEEDING UP JUSTICE Ever wondered how the mass of correspondence and summary documents and files that pass through a courthouse on a daily basis are managed The District Court System in Rotterdam that DICOM Group plc 14 falls under the Dutch Ministry of Justice realised that there had to be another way in this brave new technological world. When in full production the system will be validate them. As a result productivity rates soared. Eliminating the paper mountain through conversion into electronic format led to a substantial reduction in physical storage space. At the end of the project the ROC Malaysia had a system in place which allows documents to be viewed online and available 24 hours from receipt throughout the nation with a retrieval time reduced to a maximum 15 minutes once a document is online. Phase 2 projects immediate public access at all ROC centres as well as through online services. HALIFAX BANK The Halifax Bank part of HBOS is one of the UKs fastest growing retail banks fuelled by a highprofile initiative to gain new customers. Halifax installed an Ascent Capture based production capture system to process new current account applications. The system ensures compliance with legislation introduced Annual Report 2002 15 earlier this year that imposes strict time limits for the account transfer process. Demonstrating a true commitment to customer service this backoffice facility allows retail cus tomers to switch to the Halifax with minimum delays. VOLKSWAGEN PASSPORT TO SUCCESS Volkswagen introduced a sophisticated quality control procedure whereby each finished car received its own passport. This document can be viewed at any given moment during and after the production process. About 1100 cars a day are manufactured at Volkswagen Belgium and the passport which contains between 8 and 22 pages is instantaneous digitised. With this system it is easy to retrieve the required documents. TAKING OFF WITH INVOICE CAPTURE AeroDienst currently has documents can be automatically sent to authorised remote operators for indexing. Ascent Capture User Profiles control what documents go to which operators and all activity is recorded for centralised tracking and reporting. VIRTUALRESCAN VRS Since its introduction in 1999 VRS has become the de facto standard for image processing and scanning productivity. This unique technology continues to win major awards including Product of the Year 2001 from Transform magazine and it was a key component of the FedEx distributed imaging system that was named Best DocumentData Capture Application in the 2002 RealWare awards. VRS makes using a document scanner as easy as using a pointandclick camera. It automatically improves image quality and provides the unprecedented ability to produce perfect scans without costly rescanning. As quickly as images pass through the scanner VRS checks and adjusts for alignment skew brightness contrast and image clarity. Any image problems are immediately corrected by VRS producing the straightest most readable images possible. VRS shines on the toughest documents such as carbon copies colour or tinted documents or pages which combine very light and very dark areas. VRS is available for a range of scanners from software versions for lowvolume scanners to OEM hardware in production scanners. ADRENALINE Adrenaline is a complete family of image processing accelerators and software engines designed to offer the best support possible for professional document scanning.