 Production Experienced operations teams continue to optimise the production process to be most efficient by using complex production techniques and removing bottlenecks. Sourcing raw materials We work closely with our suppliers to obtain competitive prices correct specification and to improve supply chain resilience. Our strategy Our mission is to provide our customers with innovative and high performance solutions that enable them to efficiently produce their own high quality products. Our strategy is composed of five key elements 1. Research and development and technical expertise to exploit new markets We anticipate market trends and customer requirements to deliver improved products with improved margin and product differentiation. 2. Driving efficiency and excellence through operations We operate continuous improvement across our operations to improve production efficiency sales effectiveness and functional excellence. We seek to identify good practice in all areas of our business and ensure that relevant learnings are disseminated throughout the business. 3. Capacity utilisation Our aim is to drive profitability through maximum utilisation of our assets. This involves identifying the root causes of production bottlenecks and finding innovative solutions to eliminate them. 4. Investment in capacity We seek to add capacity in growth markets. 5. Business growth through acquisition We actively seek opportunistic bolton acquisitions in similar chemistries or transformational step change transactions not limited by geography or chemistry. Read more on pages 1819 16 Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 Synthomer is a speciality chemical company which uses its Technical Services expertise and RD capability to strategies are in place Groupwide to access multiple sources for key raw materials and the Group works closely with key suppliers to ensure availability. Single sourced materials are identified and inventory retained where appropriate to mitigate risk of supply chain failure. We will continue to improve existing plans and develop overall business continuity plans including crisis management response disaster recovery for key systems and data as well as longer term recovery of operations. Link to strategy 1 Research and development and technical expertise to exploit new markets 2 Driving efficiency and excellence through operations 3 Capacity utilisation 4 Investment in capacity 5 Business growth through acquisition Change in risk No change Increase Decrease V Sensitivity for risk made in assessing viability Read more on pages 1819 Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 35 Strategic report Principal risks and uncertainties continued Risk Response 2018 Plans Security of systems and sites We are reliant on various systems to run our business. As the frequency sophistication and effect of cyberattacks continues to grow across the world all of our systems including our industrial control systems Enterprise Resource Planning ERP and communications could be targeted. We could lose intellectual property and customer data which might undermine our competitive position or a cyber attack could leave one of our plants out of action or used for sabotage. 1 2 3 Network intrusion detection and prevention has been strengthened with all computers now protected with a consistent anti virus product. Vulnerability assessments and penetration testing is performed learning and development. We have launched a similar scheme in Asia and will further extend mentoring schemes in 2018. Our Fit for Leadership programme for Shift Leaders and Middle Managers was launched this year in Operations. The programme is designed to support the Synthomer leadership culture and build engagement and performance in our production sites. The programme focuses on empowerment and building selfreliance. The initial training of more the 60 employees took place in Germany and will be rolled out to other countries in 2018. Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 47 Strategic report Sustainability continued Leadership Development In 2017 we continued to invest in the recruitment development of graduates and early career professionals with schemes and structured programmes launched in Europe Asia and within our Engineering function. We received over 1400 applications for our Asian Graduate Programme where we aim to develop and create high calibre graduates by exposing them to different environments within the Group and giving them international assignments. As well as getting exposure to our engineering and commercial operations the candidates are assessed quarterly through presentations to senior management. We seek individuals who are actionoriented resourceful and have the courage to challenge the norms. The competencies we look for include allround ability ambiguity management the ability to collaborate with others together with good interpersonal skills. We look to be a valued part of communities in which we operate and as such we encourage our employees to engage with their communities. We actively promote STEM in schools and 13 Reportable PSEs equivalent to a rate of 0.19 per 100000 hours a 13 increase on 2016. Thankfully none of the reported incidents resulted in serious injury. More information will be provided in our CSR Report. The increase was partly linked to the wider definition and seven of the events occurred at sites acquired in 2016 and 2017. Those sites were adopting our more stringent standards and there is an increased focus on support for all acquired sites to ensure that their process safety management controls and layers of protection are robust.