 In December following an appeal by AstraZeneca the High Court of Australia overturned a previous decision by the Federal Court which declared the formulation patent for omeprazole the active substance used in Losec invalid. The latest judgement restored the patents validity which will significantly reduce further threats of generic competition to Losec in Australia. Strong growth also occurred in China and South Korea 13 in both cases providing a firm platform for future growth and expansion plans. AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F 2002 www.astrazeneca.com Operational Review 21 Research and Development RD clinical medicine to the drug discovery process. This provides better understanding of human diseases and how future drugs will work to prevent and treat those diseases. We are also introducing more stringent safety and drug metabolismpharmacokinetic testing earlier. This allows for early identification of CDs that are unlikely to succeed. We have increased CD delivery by 20 in the last three years. On average one quality CD now enters preclinical development each month. During 2002 a further 11 CDs were selected and in addition six early development projects reached volunteer dosing. In 2002 we introduced a global knowledge exchange project incorporating systems that maximise the benefits of using the latest communication and informatics technologies. Our global Enabling Science and Technology activity continues to support all research areas worldwide with skills in compound management and natural product screening structural chemistry bioimaging genetics transgenics protein science and supply and informatics. We have also initiated a new global compound collection enhancement project. Our advanced science and technology activity has introduced a variety of new enabling technologies for drugs search programmes. We continued to invest in RD facilities by upgrading or replacing older laboratories in Sweden the UK the US and India and by purchasing new technology and equipment to improve our capability in leading edge science. Recruitment of highly skilled new staff continued alongside the ongoing training and development of existing employees where appropriate. Development Our Development organisation consists of people skilled in clinical research regulatory affairs and pharmaceutical development. Maximum efficiencies are achieved from global working applied flexibly across the business subject to the provision of site specific needs or technologies. Our focus in 2002 was to complete the development programmes and deliver the regulatory support which we require for the approval and launch of Faslodex Iressa Crestor and Exanta. We also placed high priority on successful delivery of lifecycle programmes designed to optimise growth of our marketed range of products. We continue to improve our productivity and speed of product development through initiatives designed to make maximum use of local expertise within our global organisation. Specific ebased clinical and regulatory projects have been initiated to further speed our access to data worldwide and to improve regulatory file preparation and submission timelines. Productivity gains have also been realised through a more strategic approach to purchasing and outsourcing arrangements across the whole drug development process. Independent industry sources CMR International identify AstraZeneca as being among average price of four major countries the US the UK Germany and France. Generally if the US pricing environment remains unchanged these regulations are likely to have a positive impact on pharmaceutical prices in Japan. AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F 2002 www.astrazeneca.com Operational Review 29 With a global workforce of over 58000 people our employees have always represented a significant part of our corporate responsibility. We are committed to ensuring their health safety and wellbeing within a culture of equal opportunity in which people feel valued supported and rewarded for their individual contribution to AstraZeneca s success. Communication with and feedback from our employees is very important to us and opportunities for feedback are integrated into all our communication programmes. We also use a twoyearly global employee survey to identify areas of both satisfaction and concern. The first of these in 2000 indicated the progress AstraZeneca had made in its first year people were proud to be associated with the Company and were clear about and committed to our objectives. The survey also highlighted some challenges including managing heavy workloads and maintaining the right balance between work and home life. The results of our second survey in 2002 indicated major improvements overall comparing favourably with external global benchmarks and including good progress in previous areas of concern. Improvement is a continuous process and the 2002 survey highlighted other areas for attention such as opportunities for improving the speed of decisionmaking and cross company collaboration. Recommendations on how improvements can to target a solvency ratio of 91 following the 2003 actuarial valuation and to restore full solvency over a period of around 15 years. New accounting standards New UK or US applicable accounting standards which have been issued both adopted and not yet adopted are discussed on pages 62 and 115 respectively. We implemented FRS19 Deferred T ax in full in 2002 and have complied with the disclosure requirements of FRS17 Retirement Benefits details are set out on page 62 and Note 32 respectively. The effects of the impact of SFAS No 144 Accounting for the Impairment of Disposal of LongLived Assets 40 AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F 2002 www.astrazeneca.