 Established first management contract for Hodges Bay in Antigua. Sales and marketing agreements to cost effectively increase presence in target markets. Signed sales and marketing agreement for The Landings in St Lucia 9 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CORPORATE INFORMATION T he rebased market has meant that it has been necessary for us to discount rates at certain of our properties on a targeted and tactical basis. This has inevitably affected the profit margins of the business but we believe that the pricing environment is now much more stable. As such these market conditions should be seen as the new normal. OVERVIEW MARKET OVERVIEW Barbados arrivals and competition As expected market conditions in Barbados remained challenging throughout the 2017 financial year. While arrivals to Barbados were up 6.4 yearonyear for the January to October 2017 period 2016 5.5 this was the first full year of a rebased SterlingUSD exchange rate which has had a negative impact on our business the Groups rates are priced in USD while the majority of customers are from the UK around 75 on a room nights basis. This affects both the rates the Group is currently able to achieve at some of its properties as well as demand for Barbados as a luxury tourist destination. Recent data from the Barbados Tourism Marketing Inc shows Occupancy was 63.9 for the Group up from 62.9 in the prior year. However ADR fell 6.3 in the period from 378 to 354. This partially reflects the success of Waves Hotel Spa which contributed strongly to occupancy but had a lower average rate especially in H1. Excluding Waves ADR would have been 365 a reduction of 3. During the year the Group reviewed the pricing strategy for some of its properties in response to the weakening of Sterling. Rates were discounted on a targeted and tactical basis in certain cases in order to drive occupancy in the context of the rebased market. ADR was maintained at The House and Colony Club our properties with the highest rates. For these properties maintaining rates has been a strategic objective in order to maintain differentiation among the hotels in the portfolio. In 2018 We delivered a solid performance in 2017 against a background of changed market conditions Sunil Chatrani Chief Executive Officer 10 ELEGANT HOTELS GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REPORT we intend to continue to review pricing strategies for each property to ensure that we effectively balance occupancy and rate. During the year we used targeted promotions to boost occupancy during slower periods. Over the high demand periods our specialised USbased revenue team continues to be disciplined and cautious with discounting leveraging both the Groups excellent relationships with tour operators as well as its scale and its substantial share of available luxury rooms in Barbados 4 OPERATIONAL RISK ASSESSMENT AND MANAGEMENT PROCESS 18 ELEGANT HOTELS GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES Risk Impact Mitigation Trend Probability or impact change from 2016 Link to strategy THE MARKETPLACE Reduction in airlift 1 The Groups business is dependent on airlift to Barbados which serves as the primary means by which the Groups customers arrive in Barbados to stay at its hotels. The Group has the largest proportion of quality room stock in Barbados. It contracts business with tour operators on an annual basis who in turn take up seats on the main airlines into Barbados supporting the carriers. The Group markets itself and participates in national marketing programmes for the island in the major feeder markets all of which assist in creating the demand for airline seats into Barbados. Despite weakness in Sterling this risk is largely unchanged from the prior year Dayto day operational excellence Read more about our strategy on pages 7 to 9 Increase in competition 2 The Group operates in a competitive market and competes with a variety of operators of varying sizes and operational standards including international hotel chains regional and local site operators. The Group continues to reinvest in its properties through targeted maintenance and the refurbish reposition and reprice strategy. The Group also invests in employee engagement and training. These actions are designed to maintain and improve service and offering standards and sets the Group apart from direct competitors. There are several significant refurbishments and with disabilities and guarantee an interview for those who meet the minimum selection criteria. We provide training and development for people with disabilities which is tailored where appropriate to ensure they have the opportunity to achieve their potential. If a team member becomes disabled while in our employment we endeavour to retain them including consulting them about their requirements making reasonable and appropriate adjustments and providing alternative suitable employment where possible. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Gender equality 54 female Female 54 Male 46 22 ELEGANT HOTELS GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2017 Elegant Hotels Group team members cleaning the beaches of Barbados on Earth Day 2017. The General Manager of Turtle Beach Adrian Grant meeting with the Transplant Links Community team. PRESERVING OUR ENVIRONMENTAL AND NATURAL ASSETS We support environmentally sustainable practices across the Group. It is our policy to act in a manner so as to minimise the effects of our operations on the environment. The majority of our hotels are Green Globe certified a globally recognised certification reserved for companies who practice sustainable tourism and are committed to making positive contributions to people and the planet. During the year we introduced a number of new initiatives such as our group wide beach cleanup in recognition of the globally observed Earth Day. Over 200 Elegant team members played their part in keeping Barbados beaches clean collecting in excess of 200 bags of debris plastic and other garbage found along a 12kilometre stretch of beach.