 Our vacancy rate in the standing investment portfolio is less than 1 as where appropriate we continue to place a greater emphasis upon the certainty of secure income and the creation of longer leases in preference to the maximisation of rents. It is the strength of Circles asset management that differentiates the Company from its peers. In order to achieve lettings in a highly competitive market it is essential to respond swiftly to tenants everchanging occupational demands. By listening to tenants and taking advice from agents the Company remains totally aware of emerging occupier trends such as the increasing preference towards characterful or individualistic offices and is able to increase value by providing supply for this demand. This strategy to deliver bestin class office properties in regional locations was further supported by the successful refinancing of Circles senior debt with RBS following the agreement of a new 50m facility. Circle is well positioned in this uncertain political and economic environment with a closely managed business a positive strategy and an entrepreneurial management team ready to exploit emerging opportunities .. Ian Henderson Chairman 3 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financials Governance Strategic Report Strategic Report Throughout the year we have continued with our asset management programme and have now assembled a core portfolio of high quality regional offices in prime locations which are primarily well let to high quality tenants on medium or longterm leases. As a result and because of the resilient demand for the type of space we offer we believe our portfolio will prove less susceptible to any downward valuation shifts arising from any prolonged political and economic uncertainty. Following the refinancing of our debt facility with RBS we are currently also reviewing our hedging strategy including the possibility of entering into longerterm fixed rate funding. Our interest cover is sufficient to cover any potential or anticipated increased interest charges but we are aware that inflationary pressures are growing as a result of the weaker pound. It is therefore likely that income will continue to feature as a prerequisite to attract investors but through continued strong stock selection appropriate portfolio recycling and strong asset management we aim to provide a better total return over time than a purely income driven stock as evidenced by the 19.9 growth in EPRA NAV in the year under review compared to a 3.9 total return for the MSCI All Property index in 2016. Most encouragingly almost all of the increase in NAV within the portfolio is attributable to our asset management. By successfully undertaking lease renegotiations new lettings and lease renewals we have maximised income and have generated earnings per share of 35p. In Birmingham we only recently in July launched 36 Great Charles Street into the letting market and it has been very well received The faade has just been cleaned while the reception area has been enlarged This is done by careful asset selection. Whether we are buying short let income to drive the rents forward or offices requiring refurbishment we use our proven expertise to provide tenants with the occupational space they desire in locations where there is proven occupier demand. 1 Buy We buy well located provincial offices where we can reposition the asset and maximise its full value. 3 Revalue and regear Having successfully regeared leases or refurbished and let the office building we revalue the asset and use the equity released by refinancing to start the cycle again. The higher rent feeds our progressive dividend policy. 5 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financials Governance Strategic Report Strategic Report Market Overview The market for regional offices located within major conurbations has been less affected by BREXIT as they are not as dependent as London on international finance and investment. Companies relocating to the regions to save costs being attracted by lower employment costs business rates and rent coupled with existing demand from local professional occupiers and SMEs have further enhanced tenant demand for good quality well located offices. Market Opportunities With REITs competing for income and institutions restricted by their large asset lot size requirement there is less competition for us to acquire well located short let or part vacant provincial offices. Furthermore major provincial cities have experienced the Permitted Development Rights effect whereby offices can be converted to residential without planning permission. This has led to a shortage in supply of good quality office accommodation. Significant Trends A reduction in supply for good quality provincial offices along with a stable provincial economy has created good office demand which has led to rental growth with reducing tenant incentives. Tenants occupational requirements are changing with many seeking something different such as exposed mechanical services which are not normally found in provincial offices. Growth Drivers 1 Permitted Development Rights reducing regional office supply 2 Demand from both local occupiers and those relocating 3 Providing inspiring offices where tenants want to work Kents Hill Reception 6 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Our Strategy Our expertise and track record in acquiring actively managing and adding value to provincial offices enables us to deliver both rental and capital growth to our shareholders. Strategy Progress 201617 Outlook 201718 Key Performance Indicator Acquisitions We buy well located short letfully or part vacant provincial offices where we are confident in the letting market. Somerset House Central Birmingham acquired in January 2016 for 7.75m. We have a strong pipeline of further regional offices under consideration. Active Management Our handson approach to asset management leads to decreasing letting voids and increasing rental income. Renegotiation of existing 10 year Compass lease in Milton Keynes for a 25 year lease increasing rent by 71.4 to 1.5m. Likeforlike income on core investment portfolio up 18.6 over the year. Low vacancy rate of 1 within core investment portfolio. Property valuations up 19.7 as a result of active asset management.