 As well as strong customer retention we also continued to retain our expert employees. Key activities completed in the year included restructuring the organisation and individual accountabilities establishing the core leadership team promoting several internal staff recruiting new talent a change of headquarters modernisation of the Company brand and the adoption of agile development methodologies. I am very pleased with the way employees have embraced change and would like to thank everyone for their contribution. We all continue to be excited about the future and working together to achieve our potential. Acquisitions During 2017 we defined our vision and strategy which along with having a greater understanding of the market and customer demand highlighted a need to quickly provide a solution to automate the collection of data the fundamental building block of any compliance process. Having evaluated various options we completed the acquisition of OSMO in April 2017 in return for the issue of 4.7 million ordinary shares of the Company valuing OSMO at 3.2 million. Chief Executive Officers Review Gavin Lyons 248502 Tax Systems pp01pp05 17052018 1055 Page 04 STRATEGIC REPORT 05 TAX SYSTEMS PLC Annual Report 2017 OSMO is a leading provider of automated data extraction services that currently connects to 310 versions of accounting software packages whether they be cloud on premise or enterprise versions. Using OSMOs technology finance and tax teams can significantly decrease the manual workload associated with data collection reduce errors and risk from rekeying data and increase the speed and accuracy of data production. OSMOs solution is an ideal addon to the existing software and services that Tax Systems already provides. I am pleased with OSMOs progress to date the team delivered against its 2017 performance expectations and have fitted in well both technically and culturally. We have one final stage of the integration left which is moving OSMOs core IT systems and processes onto our standard operating platform within shared services. This activity has begun and is expected to be finished by the end of H1 2018. At that point we can consider the business fully integrated. In addition further acquisition targets were identified and considered during the year. Disappointingly we declined to proceed with two potential targets after finalising the due diligence process but in both cases it was the right decision for the business. We continue to actively evaluate other acquisition opportunities but will only proceed where we believe a business is the right strategic fit and will enhance both the Companys offering and shareholder value. Debt reduction During 2017 we reduced our net debt by 16 to 20.5m as a result of our revenue growth customer retention rate and excellent cash conversion. In addition we were also successful in recovering 0.6m of VAT relating to the fees payable on the acquisition of T ax Computer Systems Limited TCSL in July 2016. Net debt at the end of the year represented less than 3x Adjusted EBITDA. By continuing to focus on sustainable growth and shareholder value over the coming years. I look forward to 2018 and beyond with continued passion and excitement. Gavin Lyons Chief Executive Officer 20 April 2018 248502 Tax Systems pp01pp05 17052018 1055 Page 05 STRATEGIC REPORT 06 TAX SYSTEMS PLC Annual Report 2017 Market Overview Regulators and media coverage A key focus of the Government together with the regulators is to increase tax revenues reduce tax evasion and ensure businesses are paying their fair share to support government spending reduce national debt and reduce annual deficits without the need to raise taxes. UK debt levels were at 1720 billion for the financial year ending March 2017 which represented 86.7 of Gross Domestic Product GDP. UK deficit levels were at 46.9 billion for the same period. As a result there is an everincreasing collaboration between governments and agencies especially since the financial crisis of 2007 and Panama Papers in 2016. Furthermore regulators are introducing a new wave of local and international compliance obligations along with investing in sophisticated digital platforms for greater data gathering and analysis all of which will assist them in achieving their objectives both efficiently and sustainably. In addition and due to tax becoming an everincreasing headline in the media how businesses communicate their approach to tax and the amount of tax paid is a key component in building trust reducing reputational risk and maintaining a good relationship with regulators shareholders and customers. When it comes to tax a business focus is no longer just about calculating and submitting the correct tax number rather having an agile tax function that can protect it from financial penalties or reputational damage. This tax function needs to be able to respond efficiently and accurately to the regulator in the event of noncompliance or an audit notification whilst offering proactive expert tax advice on strategic activities such as mergers and acquisitions disposals and geographical and operational structures. Growing reporting and transparency obligations In 2017 alone the UKs Finance No.2 Act 2017 was the longest in recent memory stretching to 665 pages compared to 187 pages in Finance Act 2018. New international reporting including the OECDs Common Reporting Standard CRS and Base Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS have come in to force in both the UK and Ireland. BEPS requires organisations with a group turnover of greater than 750 million to submit detailed transactional information on operations and group transfer pricing for each country they operate in on an annual basis. Furthermore from 2019 HMRCs Making T ax Digital MTD initiative will modernise the way tax is reported starting with VAT and then corporation tax which will result in a fourfold increase in reporting obligations. The Irish Revenue will be introducing realtime reporting of payroll taxes from January 2019.