 As such we reduced volumes by 30 and selling prices by 20 over the first two years with no recovery. The assessment also reflects the potential consequences of changes to our Principal Risks including an increase to build costs of 10 and an adverse price movement of 10 in the land market. We also considered mitigating actions assuming continued investment in land albeit at a reduced level and the continued payment of the annual ordinary dividend of 150 million throughout the period. Based on the results of this analysis the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the fiveyear period of their assessment. Risk Relevance to strategy Potential impact on KPIs Mitigation Progress in 2017 F Site and product safety Construction sites and operations can present risk to health and safety. Suitable and sufficient controls to eliminate or reduce the risk must be constantly implemented monitored and measured. Unsafe practices by our employees or subcontractors and unsafe product quality have the potential to cause death or serious injury. The fire at Grenfell Tower the subsequent public scrutiny of the relevant regulations and the interim report of the Hackitt Review have all brought to light that throughout the industry cladding systems to tall buildings require review. Responsibility Director of Health Safety and Environment Group Operations Director dividend payments including special dividends unless or until revoked. The right to receive any dividend has been waived in part by the Trustee of the Companys Employee Share Ownership Trusts ESOTs over those Trusts combined holding of 13052331 shares. More details of these ESOTs are contained in Note 25 on pages 133 to 134. 94 Taylor Wimpey plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Statutory Regulatory and Other Information continued Research and development Our Research and Development initiatives Project 2020 continued throughout 2017 with its focus on three key areas a Design Competition a pilot on Direct Labour and a project looking at increasing the use of timber frame. In 2016 we held an architectural competition with the Royal Institute of British Architects looking for exciting new ideas in home design. Through 2017 our regional teams have been working with the competition winners Openstudio to develop their designs for use in three trial sites. Each of the three sites will use a different construction method traditional masonry timber frame or CLT cross laminated timber allowing us to compare the production efficiency and energy performance of differing construction methods as well as the design opportunities given by the designs. The completed trials are due to be delivered in 2018. Openstudio Architects Infinite House is a set of contemporary housing prototypes designed to offer maximum flexibility customisation and cost efficiency and to maximise levels of natural light and the perception of space. The Infinite Houses external envelope allows it to adapt to suit the UK Local projects Initiatives that have a direct link with our regional businesses and developments During the year Group companies donated 816000 2016 763000 to various charities the majority of which were in the UK. We recognise that volunteering can be beneficial for the charities we support the communities in which we work and for our employees development and selfawareness. Following the introduction of our Volunteering Policy in 2016 whereby employees are entitled to take up to four halfdays or two full days paid leave per year many employees at all levels around the country gave up their work and free time to participate in fundraising events for charitable causes including St. Mungos The Youth Adventure Trust CRASH Crisis UK and CentrePoint which raised a further 295000 2016 270000. Further information on the Groups donations activities and initiatives can be found in Optimising and enhancing value on page 35 and in the Sustainability Report 2017 which will shortly be available on the Companys website www. taylorwimpey.co.ukcorporatesustainability Political donations The Company has a policy of not making donations to political parties and has not made any this year and neither does it intend to make any going forward. The Company does support certain industrywide and trade organisations which directly assist the house building industry such as the Home Builders Federation and the Confederation of British Industry. Whilst we do not regard this support as political in nature in any way the Companies Act 2006 definition of political organisations and related as existing mandates will apply to all dividend payments including special dividends unless or until revoked. CREST The Company offers shareholders who hold their Taylor Wimpey shares in CREST a facility for the receipt of dividends through the CREST system. For shares held in uncertificated form CREST please note that elections continue to apply only to one dividend and a fresh election must be made via CREST for each dividend. Full details of the terms and conditions of the DRIP and the actions required to make or revoke an election both in respect of maintenance dividends i.e. in this case the 2017 final dividend and any special dividends are available at www.signalshares.com or on request from the Registrar Link Asset Services The Registry 34 Beckenham Road Beckenham Kent BR3 4TU email shareslinkgroup.co.uk tel 44 0371 664 0381. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 900 am and 530 pm Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. Dividend mandates We strongly encourage all shareholders to receive their cash dividends by direct transfer to a bank or building society account. This ensures that dividends are credited promptly to shareholders without the cost and inconvenience of having to pay in dividend cheques at a bank.