 We will also extend the implementation of performance improvements we have already made in specific sites where there is scope to do so. 13 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 Growth versus Full Year 2016 on a 52 week basis. 2 Alternative Performance Measures APMs including likeforlike adjusted and underlying are used as a guide to performance. The definitions and calculations for APMs are set out in Note 41 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW This has been an historic year culminating with Novembers admission to the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange which saw us welcome our new shareholders to the Company. My brother Lydur and I founded Bakkavor over 30 years ago and it is now a business which employs around 19000 people across 39 sites in the UK US and China and this year generated revenue of over 1.8 billion. A YEAR OF GOOD PROGRESS I am pleased to report that the past twelve months have seen us leverage our scale innovation credentials and passion for food to make further good progress across the Group. Group financial highlights million 2017 2016 53 weeks Change Revenue 1814.8 1763.6 4.6 1 2.9 Revenue Likeforlike 1800.3 1708.5 5.4 Adjusted EBITDA 152.6 146.4 4.2 Adjusted EBITDA 2 margin 8.4 8.3 10bps Revenue from continuing operations increased by 4.6 1 from 1735.4 million 2016 52 weeks to 1814.8 million in 2017. Likeforlike revenue 2 from plc 2017 Annual Report Innovation is one of our core values and we are extremely proud of our capabilities and expertise always challenging ourselves to think of great ideas that our customers and consumers love. By collaborating across our sites we bring together different competencies including allergen management delicate fruit preparation and technical yoghurt processing. These capabilities combined with our consumer insight expertise enabled us to create and launch a range of fresh breakfast compotes including a pomegranate bircher muesli to appeal to consumers looking for ready to eat healthy breakfast on the move. Pomegranate seeds have become increasingly popular due to their health benefits they also make a great topping on our breakfast pots. SEE HOW ITS MADE blog.bakkavor.com STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Producing innovative commercially successful food that offers choice quality convenience and freshness for consumers remains the foundation of our success and is what drives growth in the UK. The Group has a proven operating model for a challenging operational environment producing over 2000 short shelflife products at scale. This level of complexity gives us a unique competitive advantage in the UK segment which contributed around 90 to total Group revenue in 2017. During the past year we have reinforced our leading position in each of the four FPF categories of meals salads desserts and pizza bread continuing to work collaboratively with key customers to support their growth plans through investments and innovation. Our close partnerships with our customers our track record in food safety understanding of the Code across the Group. The Code includes a number of policies and procedures that govern the way we do business. These cover areas including antibribery and business ethics IT usage policy and further statements to support our commitment to acting professionally fairly and with integrity. Bakkavor is committed to the highest standards of ethics and integrity. Slavery forced or trafficked labour will not be tolerated within our business or our supply chain. This is an issue on which we have no complacency and we are steadfast in ensuring that Bakkavor remains a fair and rewarding place to work. A copy of our Modern Slavery Statement is available on our website. Our focus on safety is fundamental. Food safety and workplace health and safety are not a business choice nor are they responsibilities that we can partachieve. They are integral to the way we work every day and embedded in our culture and values. In the UK CR initiatives are organised at a local level across all 24 factory sites and are often coordinated or communicated through each sites Site Employee Forum SEF. The SEF feeds into a Group Employee Forum GEF which offers a platform to share ideas and best practice and which also recognises all the good work going on across the business via our annual Group Responsibility Awards. Bakkavor recognises that the majority of its CR data is currently limited to its UK factory site operations. During the year the Group undertook a review of as the FTSE 250 was not appropriate given the different types of companies in the index and that a group formed of pure UK food producers was too small. Therefore a hybrid group has been chosen which includes food producers beverage companies food and drug retailers and a selection of restaurant and bar companies. The 2018 comparator group comprises Associated British Foods Cranswick Fuller Smith Turner McColls Retail Group Restaurant Group Unilever Barr A G Dairy Crest Group Greencore Group Mitchells Butlers Sainsbury J Wetherspoon JD Booker Group Devro Greene King Morrison Wm Supermarkets SSP Group Whitbread Britvic Diageo Greggs Ocado Group Stock Spirits Group DP Eurasia CocaCola HBC AG Dominos Pizza Group Hilton Food Group Premier Foods Tate Lyle Compass Group E.I. Group Marstons PureCircle Tesco Awards are subject to a twoyear holding period following the threeyear performance period as well as malus and clawback. In addition before an award vests the Committee must be satisfied that the underlying performance of the Group is satisfactory. The Committee believes that having a performance override is an important feature of the plan as it mitigates the risk of unwarranted vesting outcomes. Nonexecutive Directors fees Nonexecutive and Chairman fees for 2018 remain unchanged since Admission and are as follows Fee Chairman 200000 Base Nonexecutive Director fee 70000 Notes Todd Krasnows annual fee is 100000 p.a. Robert Berlin does not receive any fees for his role as Nonexecutive Director.