 To do this we will 1. Target markets and customers with highly critical engineering and innovative solution needs. 2. Focus investment on delivering differentiated solutions in high growth segments which allow us to capture a premium price and create real value for our shareholders. 3. Drive organic growth above the blended average growth rate of the markets that we serve. 4. Manage our portfolio of technologies and products to ensure we remain well placed for the future. We aim to ensure no overreliance on any one customer technology or market. 1. Performance Materials The division creates industryleading solutions which protect electronics by conducting harmful waste energy streams e.g. heat and electrical noise safely away from devices. Our highperformance products include Precision Metals Thermal materials EMI shielding and Magnetic and Ceramics products that protect signal integrity. The division also includes Model Solution our prototype and mockup business based in South Korea that is a specialist in designing and manufacturing fast turnaround prototypes. Model Solution is currently classied as an asset held for sale as the Board expects to dispose of the business in the next 12 months. We partner with customers to identify and solve complex problems as technology changes and devices shrink. Our customers are redening the future of technology and include smartphone handset manufacturers telecom infrastructure providers automotive suppliers and military rms. 3. Wireless and Thermal Systems We are a market leader in wireless connectivity and thermal solutions designing manufacturing and supplying products suitable for a range of focus on complementary markets and technologies. In its rst year the new Wireless and Thermal Systems WTS division performed well. The potential here is substantial and we will continue to make the investments needed to secure future growth opportunities. WTS covers three broad technologies connectivity controls and active thermal management. We brought these together to better leverage the substantial array of engineering skills and technologies at our disposal. Connectivity and Thermal both delivered yearonyear revenue progress with Connectivity being the stronger. The Controls product group was impacted in the previous year by the signicant external headwinds in one key market the US rail freight sector. The market has not yet rebounded although we do expect it to strengthen over time. In the meantime there has been some encouraging early progress in our plan to diversify both by product and geographies. 14 Laird PLC Annual Report Financial Statements 2017 Chief Executives review Our goal is to deliver longterm sustainable revenue and earnings growth. A stronger company with encouraging momentum Looking ahead an area with some potential for WTS is Machine Condition Monitoring a highgrowth market addressing strong customer demand for solutions that contribute to productivity and efficiency by monitoring performance of critical industrial equipment. Laird has a track record of excellence in wireless connectivity and deep expertise in missioncritical environments which will be highly relevant. In Performance Materials PM we saw good revenue growth albeit against a relatively weak comparative in the prior year. We have focused on improving the productivity and some safety systems. Teams from Laird and Continental jointly designed the solution to meet the target of zero defects in design and production. Our challenges included incorporating an inline cleaning module into the manufacturing process to help ensure product cleanliness adds Stefan. This project has been an excellent demonstration of partnership in action thanks to its success PM now supplies shields to more than 10 European locations of Continental. 18 Laird PLC Annual Report Financial Statements 2017 As vehicles become more automated and the systems they rely on increase in technical complexity successful product development can sometimes be based on qualities that are decidedly less high tech old fashioned human interaction and teamwork for example. We are relationship builders CASE STUDY CONTINENTAL AUTOMOTIVE Image Petr Stryal Process Engineer. Liberec The division creates industryleading solutions which protect electronics by conducting harmful waste energy streams e.g. heat and electrical noise safely away from important components within devices. Our highperformance products include Precision Metals Thermal Materials EMI shielding and Magnetic and Ceramics Products that protect signal integrity. The division also includes Model Solution our prototype and mockup business based in South Korea that is a specialist in designing and manufacturing fast turnaround prototypes. Model Solution is currently classied as an asset held for sale as the Board expects to dispose of the business in the next 12 months. We partner with customers to identify and solve complex problems as technology changes and devices shrink. Our customers are redening the future of technology win business across the automation sector and gave us the conrmation to develop it into a product. Right now were in the early stages of marketing and Laird is talking with a large number of major customers. We expect signicant sales of SafeEStop in North America during 2018 and global growth in 2019 and beyond. 22 Laird PLC Annual Report Financial Statements 2017 When something goes wrong in a heavily automated environment every second counts. The time between spotting a problem and shutting down machinery via an emergency stop can quite literally be the difference between life and death. We are lifesavers CASE STUDY ESTOP Top left Laird provides decades of expertise in wireless safety solutions. Top right Safe EStop enables user mobility and reduced safe response time. Bottom All systems undergo a rigid quality verication and validation to ensure the highest level of performance and reliability. We are a market leader in wireless connectivity and thermal solutions designing manufacturing and supplying products suitable for a range of applications including industrial and commercial antennae commercial wireless connectivity Bluetooth WiFi and multifunction modules industrial control systems and active thermal management systems. Our products ensure safety and improve productivity for our customers by helping connect their products control critical processes and provide data for real time operating decisions. Our products are designed to provide continuous connectivity in extremely challenging and hostile environments.