 BUENOS AIRES MENDOZA CITY STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 3 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 The 2015 elections returned a progressive and probusiness government that is focused on economic growth and stability. This progressive administration provides the foundation for real change in the fortunes of Argentina. Why Argentina POLITICAL CHANGE CONTINUES TO DRIVE REFORMS Cambiemos won the 2015 elections and strengthened its position in midterm elections in October 2017 Balancing need for change with gradualism through 2019 Appointment of Argentina as chair of G20 endorses the countrys foreign policy achievements PROBUSINESS AGENDA Threeway labour deal between government unions and private business Corporate tax reforms corporate tax reduced to 30 in 2018 with a further 5 decrease in 2020 including reducing tax on retained earnings reinvested Zerotolerance policy on corruption G20 Chair Fast track to OECD membership Phoenix Global Resources plc STRATEGIC REPORT 4 AT A GLANCE CONTINUED NORMALISING ECONOMIC IMBALANCES Antiinflation monetary policies including high interest rate bills Lebacs to encourage banks to invest and reduce money supply Focus on reducing primary fiscal deficit 4.2 in 2017 vs 5.4 in 2015 Argentine authorities have requested an exceptional access Standby Arrangement from the IMF to underpin the countrys economic programme DEREGULATION OF CAPITAL MARKETS Reform of capital markets law to develop capital markets leveraging and accompanying country growth Foreign exchange regulations lifted in December 2015 First 100 policy has been introduced by the central bank aimed at bringing inflation under control and protecting the value of the Peso over the medium to long term. The government has introduced important labour tax and capital markets reforms which are helping to attract investment both domestically and from abroad and reactivate the economy. The fiscal deficit is being tackled and unemployment is gradually reducing. In 2017 the Argentine Merval Index was the bestperforming stock market index globally. The recent currency volatility and devaluation driven by domestic inflation concerns highlights the challenges Argentina faces. However the administrations reaction to this recent volatility and the IMFs positive response is encouraging. The new policy agenda is attracting substantial amounts of foreign capital investment. The oil industry is at the forefront of this trend with its ability to rapidly improve the countrys balance of trade. International oil companies investing in Argentina and specifically in the Vaca Muerta shale include ExxonMobil BP Shell Total Equinor previously Statoil Chevron Sinopec Petronas and Schlumberger. These factors provided the backdrop for the transformative corporate combination of Andes Energia and Trefoil Holdings B.V. that was successfully completed in August 2017. Phoenix Global Resources is our new identity and marks a new beginning with new management and a new strategy. Our business has effectively quadrupled in terms of scale. We have greatly enhanced our operating capability strengthened our financial position and our access to capital. We have created a very different and investible platform of substantial conventional resources and reserves potential or acreage positions that are proximate to or on trend with existing unconventional producing areas Combining local knowledge and experience with the best international technology to evaluate the potential of our assets Phoenix Global Resources plc STRATEGIC REPORT 18 OUR BUSINESS MODEL S U P P O R T E D B Y A R O B U S T G OV E R N A N C E FR A M E W O R K SUPPORTED BY A ROBUST GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 6 5 4 PRODUCTION AND SALE OUTPUTS AND OUTCOMES DEVELOPMENT Returns to shareholders Our ultimate objective is to build a sustainable portfolio of unconventional production assets that delivers capital for shareholder return Creating value Reinvestment Reinvesting cash from operations into our assets in the medium term to achieve financing self sufficiency Optimising cost upgrading and enhancing our production and infrastructure assets maximising margins and participating in production incentive schemes where possible Enhancing and adapting drilling and completion techniques to support the large scale development of our unconventional resource base STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Annual Report and Accounts 2017 19 Strategy and capital allocation OUR STRATEGIC O B J EC TIVES Phoenix holds significant licence acreage in Argentina. Our focus is to secure operatorship and consolidate our ownership position of that acreage and to add additional acres with exposure to unconventional resources including the Vaca Muerta. Our exploration and development activity is focused on appraising and evaluating the groups unconventional acreage. We apply the resource analysis performed is subject to internal review and where appropriate external review. External review is undertaken by an internationally recognised reservoir engineering firm and led within that firm by a nominated competent person. The group participates in licensing rounds in Argentina that are organised at the provincial level. In addition Phoenix has an internal business development group that is focused on optimising existing acreage positions through purchase swap or sale of assets. 2 Year on year growth of reserves and resources 3 Operating cost per boe 6 Project delivery defined milestones RISK REVIEW PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RISKS WE CAN INFLUENCE Phoenix Global Resources plc STRATEGIC REPORT 38 Risk Risk appetite Link to strategy Mitigation Relevant KPI by prioritysignificance 1 Health safety and environment HSE Oil and gas exploration development and production activities are complex and physical in nature. HSE risks cover many areas including major accidents personal health and safety compliance with regulations and potential environmental harm. Potential impact High Potential likelihood Low The group strives to ensure the safety of its employees contractors and visitors. We are very conscious of the natural environment that we operate in and seek to minimise our environmental impact and footprint. We actively promote strict adherence to regulations that govern our operation and the robust application of our own HSE policies and procedures.