8 million 2016 US 50.7 million. No dividend will be paid for 2017. The Board believes the cash generated by the business is better utilised for the reduction of bank debt at this time. Shareholder priorities continue to be recognised and dividend payments will be resumed as soon as reasonable financial prudence allows. During the year we agreed certain amendments to our bank facilities which has increased our liquidity and financial flexibility and this will allow us to benefit from improving market conditions. We have been encouraged by the increasing levels of enquiries and tender activity in the Middle East and Europe. During 2017 the Group secured five new contracts with a total charter period of just under eight years. Our backlog stands at US 160.6 million as at 1 March 2018 all contracts include option periods. Vessel age has become increasingly relevant with our clients currently able to demonstrate a preference for modern tonnage. Our investment in our new build programme has ensured GMS is wellplaced to address this in tenders with our fleet now one of the youngest in the industry. The performance of our Large and MidSize Class vessels in particular is notable with these achieving above 70 utilisation. We are delighted to have amongst our new contract wins two longterm charters for wind farm projects in Europe where the Group has worked successfully in the renewable energy sector in the past. A tugs and returning a leased vessel to its owner. We conducted a full impairment review of our fleet during the year which resulted in a previously announced impairment charge of US 7.3 million on a 35yearold vessel being recorded in the income statement. Our core SESV fleet now consists of 13 vessels with an average age of just seven years. This makes our fleet one of the youngest in the industry which benefits us in the current market environment as clients are expressing a preference for modern tonnage in most of the major tenders. 9 GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC Annual Report 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT As our new build programme is now complete we have scaled down the number of construction personnel at GMS substantially whilst still retaining a small complement of staff with the necessary key technical expertise to support ongoing vessel modification and maintenance projects. Our offhire vessels are able to be kept at a relatively low cost in operational readiness for rapid deployment as new charters are secured. I would like to thank everyone at GMS for their hard work during the year. We once again achieved a very low level less than 1 of technical and operational downtime for our chartered vessels and this is a credit to our highly skilled and dedicated workforce. Expansion of services We continually seek to enhance the capability of our vessels and the services we provide so we can deliver the highest quality costeffective offshore support solutions to and safe working environment at all times whilst under our duty of care and will maintain our focus on HSE. Our operations team has extensive operational experience in the global SESV sector and can draw on inhouse expertise for vessel construction and modification technical asset integrity marine assurance and well operations as it delivers our premium fleet and services to our clients. A significant achievement in 2017 was the teams completion and installation of our innovative cantilever system for GMS Evolution. We are proud to have developed this industryfirst system which has broadened the scope of well services we can offer to our clients. Further information on the cantilever is provided below. During the year we continued to achieve efficient mobilisations and a high level of client satisfaction. We also ensured that GMS is wellpositioned to react quickly as the market recovers by keeping our offhire vessels in a state of readiness at a relatively low cost for rapid deployment when new charters are awarded. SESV charter rates utilisation and operating costs While 2017 continued to be a challenging year in our sector utilisation of our core SESV fleet improved 15 percentage points on Q4 2016 with a rate of 61 delivered for the year. Demand has been relatively good for both the Large Class and MidSize Classes which each achieved utilisation above 70 for 2017. The Groups business continues to be heavily weighted towards clients opexbased activities with 71 of our total 2017 revenue coming from this segment. As and our managers have extensive industry experience as naval architects oil and gas specialists marine engineers and master mariners. As the industry recovers we will need to recruit more offshore personnel as new contracts are secured and our offhire vessels are rechartered. Our GMS Training Academy is of great benefit to the Group as it allows us to efficiently equip our newly recruited experienced and qualified mariners with the additional highly specialised skills needed to operate our SESVs. We have already recruited a number of Saudi nationals in recognition of our client Saudi Aramcos nationalisation targets and to support our increasing operations in the country and these are receiving training through our Academy. This inhouse training resource ensures we can mobilise our vessels in a timely manner as new contracts are awarded. Setting the industry benchmark for SESV training In 2017 GMS designed and developed the SESV Move and Positioning Course in 2017. It is a testament to the expertise and experience of all GMS personnel involved that the course has been adopted by the International Jackup Barge Operators Association IJUBOA and assured by the Scottish Qualifications Authority SQA as an industry training standard and is being provided to operators of jackup barges through third party international marine and offshore training providers.