 Operating Mine Development Project Predevelopment Project Highland Gold Mining Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Strategic Report Chairmans Statement Eugene Shvidler Unlocking the Value of a World Class Resource Base Dear Shareholder It gives me much pleasure to report that Highland Gold Minings 15th year as a public company Anniversary 23rd May 2017 marked a period of steady progress on all our strategic fronts. Before I chronicle such progress I would like to draw your attention to the fact that after 15 years as a publicly quoted enterprise some 63 of your Companys shares are in free float and our shareholder base includes a wide range of UK European and US institutional investors. Our commitment to good corporate governance remains strong. Furthermore we continue to enjoy a strong dividend record and a conservative debt profile. As some of you will be aware our recent presentations to the investment and mining communities have focused on unlocking the value of our assets. I utilise this phrase again because there can be few better descriptions of managements primary objective which was furthered throughout the year under review by effective business strategies and carefully monitored disciplines. Unlocking value came of age during 2017 when the results of extensive exploration to the Kekura site in March 2018 when weather conditions become suitable. Construction work is scheduled to begin in May 2018. Klen Further RD studies designed to confirm engineering parameters and mitigate project risks for incorporation into the PFS currently under development continued to be carried out by consultants SGS Vostok during Q4 2017. Such research yielded positive results indicating the potential to improve Au recovery to 90.82 and reduce operating expenses and class V hazard for tailings. A tender was held to select a contractor to carry out an additional exploration programme at Klen and work began in Q1 2018. Strategic Report CEOs Report continued 1. All figures quoted as per oz of gold equivalent production without any byproduct credits and refining charges. Highland Gold Mining Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 13 STRATEGIC REPORT KYRGYZSTAN Unkurtash A scoping study was completed and published in March 2017 which envisages Two openpits and an 18year LoM Processing plant utilisation of gravity concentration and gravity tailings CIL with an annual throughput of 4 million tonnes and recoveries of more than 80 Annual production of 133000 oz Au at an average operating cost of US616 per oz and Total Capex to commence production of US322 million. Management continues to consider partnership opportunities to develop this significant resource and preliminary discussions have been held with potential partners. HEALTH SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT The health and safety of our employees is paramount and Highland Golds endeavours to minimise risk and maximise protection are focused on commodities to creditworthy and reliable customers. INTEREST RATE RISK Interest rates are affected by geopolitical and macroeconomic events. An increase in interest rates may adversely affect the Groups financial results and its ability to demonstrate the economic viability of certain assets. The majority of the Groups loans and borrowings have fixed rates at the date of debt drawdown. LIQUIDITY RISK Failure to accurately forecast manage or maintain sufficient liquidity and credit could impact our ability to operate and result in financial loss. An event such as a significant operational incident or geopolitical events may potentially increase financing costs and limit access to financing that could put pressure on the Groups liquidity. The Group uses a shortterm mediumterm cash planning system and longterm cash flow forecasts are prepared in line with strategic planning. The Groups centralised treasury function ensures that there is sufficient liquidity for daytoday operations at each location and reviews the need to attract additional external financing. Opportunities to secure loans at appropriate rates are constantly monitored by the Group. Change in residual risk level assessment as compared to the similar risk in 2017 Increased No change Decreased Highland Gold Mining Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 20 Strategic Report Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued Risk Risk description Mitigation Movement OPERATING RISKS RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH EXPLORATION ACTIVITIES The Groups estimates of ore reserves and mineral resources are subject to a number of assumptions and approximations including geological metallurgical and technical factors future commodity prices and production costs. Fluctuations in licence agreements. The Groups senior management and the Board are regularly informed as to compliance with licence agreements. Highland Gold Mining Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 21 STRATEGIC REPORT Risk Risk description Mitigation Movement PRODUCTION RISKS AND FAILURE TO DELIVER PRODUCTION PLANS The Groups mining operations are affected by numerous risk factors not wholly within the Groups control including flooding pit slope and rim slide unexpectedunusual geological variations or technical issues extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. Such factors could adversely affect production volumes and costs or damage electricity supply facilities andor other necessary items of equipment or infrastructure. Group companies in both openpit and underground operations may encounter unusual geological formations including overly thin ore bodies incidental deterioration in ore quality lower grade and dilution. Unexpected interruptions in processing and technological characteristics of the ore may result in lower recovery rates than expected. As a result of these factors endproduct unit costs may turn out to be considerably above budget and this might hinder the implementation of production plans and cause major losses in the form of impairment of various assets and goodwill. The Group employs inhouse planning experts who specialise in mine engineering and design and are responsible for developing optimal safe and commerciallyviable mine plans. In turn the inhouse mine plans are reviewed by external consultants and state authorities. The mine plans include consideration of safe openpit and underground mining operations including smoke warning systems personal protection kits gas masks selfrescue systems etc.