 US 140 million in 2017 and projected to reach US 1 billion by 2025 1 driven primarily by increased access to and spending on healthcare overall. This forecast could prove conservative should the government spend more than currently planned under difficult macroeconomic conditions and should health insurance be mandated for all companies sooner than expected. Whilst also highly fragmented the industry can be broadly divided into three groups. The largest is independent stan dalone labs chains and single labs representing c. 45 of the market. This should be considered in the context of the fact that there are only five key multiunit players with different brand positioning and varied service offerings that on a combined basis account for just c. 7 of total test volumes and c. 20 of the diagnostic markets value due to their ability to perform advanced tests. The other two groups include public hospitals with 35 of the mar ket and private hospitals that make up the remaining 20. t he Investment IDH has expanded its geographic platform to four coun tries with an investment in Nigerias promising healthcare industry. The Group closed on a transaction in February 2018 in which it formed a joint venture with Man Capital LLC Man Capital the Londonbased investment arm of the Mansour Group called a highly experienced management team with decades of experience in the healthcare sector. Furthermore IDHs worldclass Board of Directors brings years of healthcare MENA region and investment experi ence to the table. Exposure to resilient markets Established business model Experienced entrepreneurial management IDH ANNUAl REPORT 2017 24 Barriers to Entry Accreditation of Facilities Attracting contract clients requires accredited highquality testing capabilities. Brand Equity and Reputation Patients are loyal to leading brands with a strong track record. Market Reach Fragmented market necessitates a wide geographic presence to allow for broad customer reach. Relationship with Key Stakeholders Building a scalable platform requires strong relationship with stakeholders such as physicians patients and hospitals. IDH has enjoyed a strong track record of profitable growth even under adverse macroeconomic conditions. This was demonstrated again in 2017 when against the backdrop of persis tent inflationary pressures associated with 2016s currency devaluation the Group delivered an EBITDA margin of 40 versus 44 a year earlier. In paral lel the Companys assetlight business model notably translates into minimal borrowings while allowing for signifi cant strategic flexibility. The Group continues to explore op portunities to expand into new high growth markets in the Middle East and Africa as well as adjacent verti cals where complementary diagnos tic services would help to raise IDHs profile to that of a onestop shop diagnostics provider. The Company executed on this strategy in January 2018 expanding into Nigeria with an investment in a chain of diagnostic laboratories offering both pathology and radiology services currency eased. nigeria Capital controls could make profit repatriation dif ficult in the short term. nigeria Depreciation of the naira would make imported products and raw materials more expensive and would reduce Nigerias contribution to consolidated Company revenues. Whilst capital controls have helped the official exchange converge with the blackmarket rate the central bank has yet to allow the naira to float freely. As with country risk this is largely not subject to mitigation. In both politicalsecurity and economic risk management notes that IDH operates in a defensive industry and that the business continued to grow yearonyear through two revolutions as well as under extremely difficult operating conditions in 2016. High inflation is one consequence of Egypts policy restructuring cycle. The structural change underway in government spending and general repricing of goods and services represents a reversal of 50 years of comprehensive government support. Whilst it will take time the reform program is designed to put the country on a more sustain able path to growth and fiscal consolidation. The Groups contemplated acquisitions outside of Egypt would also mitigate the Egyptspecific country risk over time. In Nigeria until currency exchange policy is clarified and there is greater visibility regarding profit repatriation IDH expects to reinvest early profits into its Nigerian business. Dividend payments are not expected to be repatriated in the first four years of operation. IDH will capitalise on its regional agreements with suppli ers to procure kits at competitive prices. IDH ANNUAl REPORT 2017 35 Strategic Report Specific is a net exporter of trained healthcare professionals as there is surplus staff in the market. IDHs efforts are ac cordingly focused on retention of qualified staff as opposed to recruitment of new personnel. In Nigeria IDH intends to offer a strong value proposition for staff that includes opportunity for both compensation and training. The Group will seek to bring in expatriates to fill key leadership roles whilst local teams are being trained and developed. Loss of certifications and accreditations Many of IDHs facilities have received internationally ac creditations for highquality standards. The failure to renew these certifications including the College of American Pathologists CAP accreditation for the Mega Lab or the International Organization for Standards IOS for other fa cilities would call into question the Groups quality stand ards and competitive differentiators. In February 2018 IDHs central Mega Lab in Cairo received CAP certification. The CAP certification will thereafter be subject to renewal every two years. The Company also re newed its ISO certifications in 2017 with the next renewal due in 2018. IDHs ability to keep current its certifications and accreditation are supported by ongoing QA training and internal audit procedures. IDH ANNUAl REPORT 2017 39 Strategic Report Financial Review 2017 performance overview IDH delivered strong operational and financial results in the year ended 31 December 2017 despite macroeconomic challenges in particular high inflation that continued in the aftermath of the November 2016 floatation of the Egyp tian pound.