 In addition to the ongoing tax inspections in Italy Czech and Poland that were disclosed in last years Annual Report Accounts during 2017 our German subsidiary received notification from the German tax authorities of the commencement of a tax audit covering its 2014 and 2015 corporate income tax return. To date no tax assessment has been received in respect of this open audit. Through our membership of local market spirits associations we seek to engage with local tax and customs authorities as well as government representatives and where appropriate provide informed input to the unintended consequences of excise increases e.g. growth of illicit alcohol and potential harm to consumers. The Group engages the services of a professional global firm of tax advisors and undertakes regular audits of our own tax processes documentation and compliance. We aim to operate the business in a taxefficient and compliant manner at all times. We make appropriate provisions where tax liabilities appear likely. Strategic transactions Key objectives of the Group are i the development of new products and variants and ii expansion in the Central and Eastern European region and certain other European countries through the acquisition of additional businesses. Unsuccessful launches or failure by the Group to fulfil its expansion plans or integrate completed acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Groups growth potential and performance. Our NPD process has delivered successful innovations including Black Fox herbal bitter liqueur in Czech during 2017. We continuously in place to respond to any unexpected liquidity needs and have not only secured lower cost and more flexible re financing but have also placed ourselves in the best position to access funding in the longer term. Risk level change key HIGHER LOWER LEVEL Risk rating key HIGH MEDIUM LOW 25 Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements Stabilisation involved embedding changes set in motion since 2016. Some of this change enabled the reallocation of resource to the frontend of the business. Turning around Poland was 2017s top priority through a combination of aligned pricing a restructured sales team and driving efficiencies across the entire organisation. We invested in Poland and we are seeing positive results. 2017 was a year of stabilisation and turnaround producing encouraging tangible results Mirek Stachowicz Chief Executive Officer Chief Executives statement Introducing our four strategic pillars Premiumisation Ensuring brand equity is increased driven by clear brand marketing strategies and positioning of our brands that enables us to command higher price positions Millennials Increased awareness and focus on this valuable segment of consumers Digital Using digital marketing to underpin brand execution and to engage and keep pace with consumer habits MA Looking at larger more strategic opportunities to deliver growth and shareholder value for the future See our Strategy on page 16 26 Stock Spirits Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 Group financial performance Evidence of stabilisation and turnaround is in the results growth in volume share revenues profitability and cashflow. The balance sheet strengthened further as net beyond the BeamSuntory relationship to include Beluga Group Bortran rum and Bols. Stock 84 brandy became the biggest spirits brand in Bosnia. It benefitted from the revamp seeing growing appeal amongst young adult drinkers especially in the ontrade. Bosnia also benefitted from a new Beluga distribution agreement. Innovations The Groups NPD process was strengthened during the year in order to help extend our reach in premium and higher price segments. The improved process aims to reduce the number of new launches whilst increasing their impact and speed to market thus providing a better return from investment. Operations and supply chain We continue to develop our excellent supply chain to further leverage our core competitive strengths of productivity smart cost management and technical talent. This delivered further efficiencies and effectiveness and contributed to our overall success. We invested across people facilities processes and systems. We are now wellinvested and future investment focuses on safety and quality. Sales and operations planning development was a major enabler of improved performance integrating all disciplines and markets to drive us forward. Our operations team won awards in Poland BRC Food and IFS Food Certification the first spirits producer to gain both accreditations and Employer Organiser of Safe Work from PIP the State Labour Inspectorate. During the year we suffered an equipment failure in our Baltic distillery. Though spirits production was interrupted for a brief period our businesses were able to operate as normal. The distillery has since returned to normal operations. Chief Executives statement continued Ultra premium spirits with a strong brand appeal to millennials 30 Stock Spirits Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 Technology We continue to invest in technology leveraging prior investments made under the One Network strategy. Our cyber security kept the business safe and we stay focused on security. We completed the first phase implementation of a softwaredefined Wide Area Network WAN which has improved service levels. The second phase will deliver a Tier 3 datacentre to house critical technology. As we extend digital capabilities across our business we will have a technology base and capability underpinning this. The groupwide Intranet StockNet was launched to provide a collaborative platform to quickly share and deliver further digitalisation. A unified communications suite delivers continued savings in travel whilst enabling more engagement through virtual meetings. Progress to a single groupwide SAP platform continues. Our people StockNet is an effective and exciting mechanism engaging and energising us into a more aligned workforce. Through this we leverage the full power of our people wherever they are. StockNet was used to conduct our first ever Employee Engagement Survey. We welcomed high participation and are studying the feedback. Our partners The Groups partnership with BeamSuntory was extended beyond Poland into the Czech Republic and Slovakia and we have mentioned our continuing partnership with Diageo. There is a new agreement in place with Beluga Group to distribute the ultrapremium vodka Beluga in Croatia and Bosnia.