 We are grateful for their ongoing support. In preparation for IPO we welcomed David Wilton as Chief Financial Officer and upon admission Michael Sherwin also joined the Board as Senior Independent NonExecutive Director. Their profiles which appear on page 20 and are available on www.sumogroupplc.comaboutboardof directors demonstrate the breadth of relevant experience they bring to the PLC Board. 2017 PROGRESS Management team and Board strengthened. Successful IPO new structure to facilitate further growth. Since IPO the Board has begun a process to enable widescale employee participation in the Groups shares. Sumo Group plc Annual Report 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT 09 We completed the acquisition of Atomhawk Design Limited a multi award winning visual design company servicing the video games film and visual effects industries in June 2017 extending the range of premium services Sumo Group provides. Atomhawk had a very strong second half outperforming our preacquisition expectations. Immediately after the year end Sumo Group also took on the Newcastle studio of CCP Games bringing a number of talented colleagues into the business and increasing our capacity to deliver high quality services to our clients. As well as expanding and deepening client relationships throughout the year Sumo Digital successfully launched its first ownIP game Snake Pass generating revenue of 1.7m in 2017. On the back of this success the Group intends to continue the selective development of independent games based on original IP. One of the important functions of any board is governance. Y ou will see in this our first Annual Report the structure and processes that have been put in place or extended by the Board as part of the move to becoming a listed company. These will continue to develop over the coming year. The source of our success is our people we value them highly and are committed to providing a positive working environment. We have invested significantly in our premises in Sheffield and recently moved the Atomhawk Canada operations into a larger site in Vancouver. Since IPO the Board has begun a process to enable widescale employee participation in the Groups shares. In summary we made great progress during 2017 and Sumo Group is well positioned to repeat this in 2018 and beyond. Our success is due to the skill and dedication of colleagues across the Group and on behalf of the Board I would like to thank them all for their contribution. Ken Beaty Chairman ACQUISITION OF ATOMHAWK In June 2017 Sumo Digital acquired Atomhawk a multiaward winning visual design company servicing the entertainment industry. Founded in 2009 by Cumron Ashtiani Atomhawk now has studios in Newcastle and Vancouver Canada employing 36 people as at 31 March 2018. Key services include visual development concept art marketing art as well as motion graphics and user interface design. The business helps its clients to define the visual style of a product delivering art and design throughout the development cycle and beyond also creative services to the video game and wider entertainment industries. We had an overwhelmingly positive response to the Placing and on behalf of the Board I would like to thank all our investors for their support and our advisers for helping us make this happen. STRONG ST ART GOING FORWARD Sumo Group plc Annual Report 2017 11 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT SNAKE PASS TAKES HOME THE AWARD FOR BEST ARCADE GAME AT THE TIGA AWARDS A unique physicsbased puzzle platform game Snake Pass challenges players to think like a snake as they tackle precarious puzzles as only a snake can. Slither through long grass coil around bamboo and climb out of trouble in the latest game from award winning independent studio Sumo Digital. The winner of Sumo Digitals inaugural Game Jam Snake Pass was created by Seb Liese as a loveletter to both the favourite games of his youth and his childhood pet snake. After winning a full demo was produced and taken around various public shows where it was met with great enthusiasm by gamers of all ages. Buoyed by its success full production began when the team returned home to Sumo HQ. We acquired an additional 11000 sq ft of office space in Sheffield during the year and began a significant refurbishment programme in September 2017 to provide a larger and better working environment for our people. This work is ongoing and completion is expected shortly. We also acquired a further 2700 sq ft of space in and the potential for games to move from a product to a service. A gamesasa service role allows us to extend the lifespan and revenue generation of a game title. Embedded user base Historically there has been a clearly defined console hardware cycle which in turn defined the software cycle. Third party publishers would wait for the market to be in a favourable position before investing in software. Gamers would also be less inclined to purchase new games at the end of one consoles life cycle. The current installed console base has seen an increase in the ability to play games from previous generation consoles on new generation consoles. This increased backward compatibility has substantial benefits for developers and provides the opportunity for constant mass market penetration. Geographic expansion The video games market is benefiting from global emerging markets. In China the sale of games consoles was banned in 2000 but the ban was lifted in January 2014. There is also huge potential demand from South America 15 CAGR for retail sales FY1621 the fastest of all geographies. Broadening demographics The age demographics of video gamers continues to broaden. Consumers remain engaged past adolescence due to continued innovation. Video games attract a wide mix of consumers who are typically sticky over time. The current average video game player is 35 years old. The video games market has also become nongender specific with over 40 being female gamers.