 We hope this proposal will be quickly abandoned once the mooted price cap on standard variable tariffs takes effect. Our programme to roll out smart meters for all our Members is well underway with around 100000 largely dual fuel meters having been installed by the beginning of June 2017. The programme is expected to gather pace over the coming months and we anticipate making good progress this year towards the 2020 target date. As previously highlighted the financial benefits from this programme excluding any timing differences which may arise between when costs are incurred and when they are recovered will depend on the speed and efficiency of our rollout relative to other suppliers. However the continuing delays in finalising the specification of SMETS2 meters in getting them certified and in the smart Data Communications Company DCC testing schedule have led many commentators to question whether the original target completion date for this programme is still achievable and the level of fulfilment costs which will ultimately be borne by consumers from trying to do so. We remain concerned at the high and increasing costs imposed on the industry in order to comply with government policy much of which seems to be imposed with inadequate thought given to delivering such initiatives in a way that will minimise costs which ultimately get passed on by suppliers to customers through higher bills. Examples include the current faster switching initiative the Green Deal programme the establishment of Smart Energy GB the structure of the smart meter rollout programme the overengineering of the specification for the DCC and the unrealistic timeframes which are invariably adopted for any industry change. Regulation has an important role to play in ensuring the energy markets are operating in a transparent manner creating a framework which encourages real competition protecting the rights of consumers and ensuring they receive a fair deal for their energy. However it is not clear that the right balance has recently always been struck. There needs to be a clearer understanding of the need to reduce the burden of regulation which ultimately falls on those least able to afford it namely domestic customers. We are disappointed that deregulating the domestic water supply market was absent from the new Governments manifesto this would have created an exciting new opportunity for us to add the supply of water to the existing range of utilities we offer further extending the benefits to consumers of our integrated multiutility approach. We urge the Government not to miss the chance to introduce competition into this market which would ultimately lead to more choice lower prices and better service for over 27 million households who are currently forced to buy from a local monopoly water supplier. CHAIRMANS STATEMENT CONTINUED Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Telecom Plus PLC Report and Accounts 2017 11 Prospects Successfully navigating the constant stream of changes flowing across all the sectors in which we operate is challenging however our experienced senior management team have demonstrated at no extra cost. CashBack Our exclusive CashBack card has proven an important Member acquisition and retention tool. It gives our Members the opportunity to achieve additional savings of between 3 and 7 on their shopping at a wide range of participating retailers which they receive as an automatic credit on their next monthly bill from us. Since launching the programme the total value of CashBack funded by participating retailers and credited to Members now exceeds 33m 2016 28m. We saw a 5 increase during the year in the number of cards in issue to 188753 2016 179639 with the c.50 of new residential Club Members gathered directly by our Partners applying for a card being partially offset by those with inactive cards choosing not to renew when their card expired. We believe this continuing strong demand demonstrates the attractiveness of this unique membership benefit and would be even higher were it not for the difficulties faced by some new Members in funding the switch from paying in arrears on their credit card to paying for their purchases in advance with our prepayment card. Telecom Plus PLC Report and Accounts 2017 18 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Many Members continue to use our online shopping portal to reduce their bills receiving in aggregate around 0.5m of CashBack over the course of last year this is in addition to any savings from using their CashBack cards. The CashBack that we pay to our Members each month is funded entirely by the retailers as we would wish to be treated ourselves. Partners Our Partners are one of the key strengths of our business. In contrast to the routes to market adopted by other suppliers of similar household services the alignment of financial interest provided by our revenue sharing model the structure of our compensation plan and the substantial number of Partners who hold equity or share options in the Company incentivise them to focus their activities on finding creditworthy higherspending Members who will reap the maximum savings from using our services and will thus be least likely to churn by doing so they maximise their own longterm income. This ensures that cases of mis selling are both inadvertent and extremely rare. We provide a variety of training and personal development courses both online and classroombased designed to provide the skills and knowledge they need to gather Members and recruit other Partners effectively and successfully all of these courses are free to attend. In addition we offer a hire purchase scheme which gives Partners access to a Tablet so they can present the benefits of our unique Discount Club more effectively. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Telecom Plus PLC Report and Accounts 2017 19 We introduced a new Quick Income Plan on 1st January 2017 giving Partners the opportunity to accelerate some of their residual income.