 EBITDA is earnings before interest tax depreciation amortisation and exceptional items. MOSS BROS GROUP PLC Annual Report Accounts 201617 I 3 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT I am pleased to report another year of considerable progress for the Group. Total likeforlike sales including VAT reected a 5.3 increase on the prior year. Prot before taxation was up 20.3 to 7.1m compared with 5.9m in the previous year. EBITDA continued on a positive trend to 13.6m compared with 12.5m in the previous year. Similarly our cash position continues to be very strong despite the ongoing ret programme. The retail environment became one of the most highly competitive we have seen for some considerable time with heavy and intense discounting. We remained focused on our multibranded and segmented pricing architecture and traded our way through what was an unforgiving market which saw a number of new branded entrants to the Menswear market and the exit or reduction in market share for a couple of long established brands reinforcing the need for us to keep close to consumer trends and to modernise our offer accordingly. The core Moss Bros master brand is now well established and we saw reasonable growth in each of our supporting subbrands of Moss London Moss 1851 and Moss Esq with Moss London expanding our reach to a younger customer capitalising on the growing trend of occasions like School Proms. Actions to develop our product offer have included the growth of Tailor Me which is achieving signicant traction as a more accessible form of bespoking enabling a signicant proportion of our suit range to be personalised. This unique proposition is now available across our entire estate and we have grown sales throughout the last 12 months undoubtedly adding to our growth in market share. We have almost completed our store ret programme this year completing 11 rets which means almost all of our store estate has now been modernised over the last four years. This increased investment has impacted cash in the short term as planned but the proven payback means we are achieving the returns predicted and we turn our attention now to maintaining and rening our estate to reect the more premium positioning of our brands amongst our target customers. We opened a further 7 stores in Westeld Stratford City the Merry Hill shopping centre Worcester Belfast Harrogate Newbury and on Teesside. We also relocated our Hateld store and closed 4 stores giving us an overall store count of 127 stores compared with 124 last year. We continued the development of the organisation and talent by the recruitment of a new Group Finance Director Tony Bennett who joined us in August 2016. We have also recruited a new Buying Director Nick Reed who joins us from Charles Tyrwhitt the multichannel Menswear retailer which he joined in 2000. He has a strong product brand and commercial background in online multisite and international consumer businesses with highly relevant experience in Menswear. He will their journey online before engaging with our store estate to complete the transaction. Based on experience to date a number of further enhancements are planned for 2017 to improve customer experience and grow the business. SUPPLY CHAIN AND COSTS The buying team continually assesses supplier performance to ensure the most commercially benecial results for the Group and to minimise lead times. Over the last few years we have broadened direct sourcing from China and neighbouring countries and continued to achieve better buying margins and product quality. Costs remain tightly controlled with all expenditure carefully planned and monitored. With a continued increase in sales the focus has shifted to process efciencies enabling us to further simplify the business. INFRASTRUCTURE Appropriate deployment of information technology is vitally important to the success of our business and in enabling the establishment of a multichannel shopping environment. We will continue to ensure that we have a exible resilient and scalable technology platform which will underpin our future business growth. Additionally we need to ensure that our customer facing technology facilitates the delivery of a consistently outstanding customer service through whichever channel a customer chooses to shop with us. The operational efciency of our distribution centre based in Barking is closely monitored. Options for improving its performance including space management are continually appraised by the operations team to streamline the business. PEOPLE The need for talented and committed people across all areas of the Group requires a continuing focus on effective recruitment induction and performance appraisal Comprehensive security measures are in place with regular tests carried out. Development in cyber crime and preventative strategies are constantly reviewed. Frequency and severity of cyber crime attacks against companies have increased signicantly. People The Groups reliance on key management and other personnel could put pressure on the business if they were to leave. Attracting and retaining high calibre people is a key priority and a central focus in striving for excellent customer service across the Groups business channels. Effective recruitment policies and people development means the Group can take full advantage of the recovery in its performance. Longterm incentive share awards were granted to senior employees during the year to more closely align their interests to those of the Group and a SAYE scheme is in operation. The risk is ongoing however is continually monitored and addressed. PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CONTINUED MOSS BROS GROUP PLC Annual Report Accounts 201617 I 17 The Board recognises its responsibilities in respect of social environmental and ethical SEE matters with the Chief Executive Ofcer having overall Board responsibility for Group Environmental Management. TRAINING We are committed to developing and training our employees and place great importance on harnessing talent and driving business performance. We have continued to deliver training to our store management teams including selling skills product knowledge recruitment skills and performance management.