 We need to strengthen these assets further to continue to evolve as a digital transactional business and to get to profitability. As for our second business division Time Out Market a key challenge will be the openings coming up of new sites in 2018 in New York and Miami and in 2019 in Chicago and Boston. I am pleased to have a fantastic team in place who are highly experienced with managing a number of highprofile openings within a short period of time. Time Out is 50 years old in 2018. A lot has changed but what still remains It all began in London in 1968 when Time Out helped people explore the exciting things that happened all over the city. 50 years on this is still at the heart of everything we do we continue to inspire and enable people to make the most of the city. But today we are present in 108 cities in 39 countries around the world. Through all those years this iconic brand has maintained its status as the goto source of inspiration for both locals and visitors alike making Time Out the only true global marketplace for city life. Our unique curated content written by professional journalists remains as relevant now as when it first started it is this authentic high quality content people value in times of fake news more than ever before and that is why we are able increased global monthly audience reach across all platforms Expanded global presence with the launch of new channels new websites in Porto and four German cities new free magazines in Austin San Francisco Philadelphia and magazine relaunch in Hong Kong launch of Time Out content on voice activated platforms of Amazon Alexa and the Google Assistant New cities included in the Groups network of owned and operated businesses have started to contribute revenue as ecommerce functionalities are being implemented Strong affiliate sales especially in the travel category providing higher average booking values and margins To offer more bookable inventory and expand into new verticals the ecommerce offering has been enhanced through product launches an improved offers proposition and new partnerships with Booking.com HotelsCombined Airbnb Viator La Fourchette Clicktripz and Encore Optimised bookability 25 of page views going to pages with bookable content and a book button in December 2017 Integration of the checkout functionality from YPlan acquired in 2016 has progressed More effective execution of the CRM strategy Continued enhancement of the experiential offering 791 Live Events arranged for 155000 attendees in cities such as London Paris Lisbon New York and at Time Out Market Organisational review to align resources and skillsets with the objectives of the evolving business and a global strategy Monetising businesses Brand advertising sponsorship and media opportunities See our Case Study on page 22 The Group intends to Broaden its digital and other advertising propositions Improve the quality of the data and contents it provides to its the Group. The rollout of new markets may take longer than planned or ultimately not succeed due to delays in or difficulties in agreeing commercial terms with landlords problems in obtaining necessary planning permissions delays in construction or significant inflation in costs and difficulties in attracting premium restaurateurs on adequate financial terms. 25887 11 April 2018 1034 AM Proof4 22 Time Out Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 Stock code TMO Governance STRATEGY IN ACTION Monetising businesses Time Out is connecting global and local brands and businesses with its engaged valuable audience through a variety of solutions spanning advertising and sponsorship as well as Premium Profiles which allow venues such as restaurants bars and hotels to improve their exposure on the platform. It is Time Outs positive trusted content that is of great value for an audience craving authentic inspiration and for advertising partners craving brand safe environments. In 2017 Time Out delivered a number of highimpact campaigns across multiple touchpoints such as digital mobile social print and Live Events. Clients included TAP Air Portugal British Airways Budweiser Marriott Lexus and many more. Bringing digital and print together Time Outs Creative Solutions team delivered the UKs first freesheet videoinprint ad as part of a sixweek multiplatform campaign for Three. The campaign spanned all of Time Outs advertising channels leveraging the full strengths of its hightraffic channels with bespoke content and advertorials across print digital and social media. It also included experiential elements taking of a range of international businesses including Host Europe Emesa Intergenia Verivox North Sails and Facile. Prior to joining Oakley Capital Private Equity Mr Collins started his career at GE Capital in 1995 before being seconded to Advent International for two years as an Associate Director. He subsequently joined Henderson Private Capital as Principal and was then a Partner at Wharfedale Capital where he was involved in the purchase of secondary direct private equity assets. Mr Collins holds an MSc from the London School of Economics and a BA in Economic History from Union College New York. Christine Petersen Time Out Digital CEO Ms Petersen joined the Group in February 2016 as a NonExecutive Director and stepped in as the interim CEO of Time Out Digital in January 2017 in April 2017 she took over the role permanently. Most recently she was the Chief Consumer Officer and CMO of Treato an Israelbased venture backed startup company in the digital healthcare sector. She previously spent nine years with TripAdvisor serving as President of TripAdvisor for Business from 2010 to 2013 and as Chief Marketing Officer from 2004 to 2010. Prior to working for TripAdvisor Ms Petersen served in a variety of management roles in digital travel and financial services companies including Preview Travel Travelocity upon Preview Travels acquisition by Travelocity Charles Schwab and Co. and Fidelity Investments. Previously she began her career with American Express in 1989. She serves as a Board Director to Bankrate Inc.