 This is reinforced by our presence at major industry events where we have been reliable sponsors and commentators. The most effective way that we sustain our reputation is by delivering what we promise for the people we support and by treating our staff well. High occupancy CareTech services are in demand and occupancy has remained high despite fears of local authority austerity impacting referrals. Whats more the nature of referrals in recent years has been toward the more complex end of the spectrum. Continued growth It is well known that demographic trends show growth in social care in the foreseeable future. Shareholder value CareTech has delivered sustainable and reliable growth since the day it listed. It has aimed to be a defensible stock even in difficult times and for some time has offered a good quality dividend policy. We have every reason to believe that growth will continue and the management team remains enthusiastic about the Groups future. Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements CareTech Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 Underlying EBITDA 39.9m 2016 37.1m How this is calculated Underlying EBITDA is the Earnings before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortisation for the year excluding nonunderlying items such as amortisation of intangible assets which are fully described in note 5 to the Financial Statements. Performance this year The underlying EBITDA has improved by 2.8m or 7.5 year on year. This reflects the organic growth achieved by the meet the challenges faced by care commissioners and then adding newly acquired businesses with complementary skills. Capacity has increased by 215 places principally because we have continued to reconfigure services and acquired Selborne Care Limited with its 87 places. Occupancy levels within our mature services remain at a creditable 93 or 86 when taking into account our services under development and transition. Much has been written about personalisation and I felt it would be useful to set out our own understanding and commitment to personalisation. Personalisation to us means recognising people as individuals who have strengths and preferences and putting them at the centre of their own care and support. The traditional serviceled approach has often meant that people have not been able to procure the kind of support they need or receive tailored care assistance. Personalised approaches such as selfdirected support and personal budgets involve enabling people to identify their own needs and make choices about how and when they are supported to live their lives. Our two business divisions of Adult Services and Children Services comprise the following four Care Pathways and our Learning Services division. 1. Adult Learning Disabilities Year to 30 September 2017 Revenue 87.7m 2016 79.4m Contribution to Group Revenue 52.9 2016 53.3 Underlying EBITDA 26.3m 2016 25.4m Capacity 1735 2016 1567 Adult Learning Disabilities provides individually tailormade solutions for people living in their own homes residential care or independent supported living schemes. We can work with clients to deliver selfdirected support packages. For some has been done outsourcing is demonstrably much better value. Demand for foster care has increased overall but we have noted an increasing trend among some local authorities to make provision inhouse for all but the most complex children. In our view this is an expensive and unsustainable approach that exposes local authority commissioners to risk. Our own services are being maintained at an acceptable level. 22 CareTech Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executives Statement and Performance Review continued Before unallocated costs. In October 2017 the All Wales Framework for the provision of foster care services outcome was that TLC Wales was ranked 1 and was placed in the New Tier 1. This should really assist in the growth of TLC Wales due to the level of referrals now being received. Looking forward we are training our foster carers with the skills required to manage more complex work and have linked the fostering division with our residential team for children so that we can maintain an effective care pathway. 4. Young People Residential Services Year to 30 September 2017 Revenue 43.8m 2016 39.0m Contribution to Group Revenue 26.4 2016 26.2 Underlying EBITDA 13.2m 2016 11.8m Capacity 284 2016 235 A number of children and young people need to live in specialised residential services and receive education. As far as practicable we aim to help these children move into a more normalised family style environment. This segment contains childrens residential care homes which includes facilities for children with learning our stakeholders is an integral part of a continuing process of building longterm value. Outlook The coming year shows every sign of being good for health and social care providers and especially for those with an established reputation for quality and innovation. This year there has been significant policy development and we see some indicators that local authorities have recognised the need to maintain or grow their social care budgets. In our view we are in a period in which consolidation will again feature strongly within the corporate sector and we are alert to quality opportunities that may arise. However we are mindful about acquisition and have robust criteria which must be satisfied to ensure that any acquired business fits our longterm strategic objectives. This has been another progressive year for CareTech and I am indebted to the strong management team who have overseen the provision of diligent and tailored services in what has been a challenging environment for the care sector. CareTech provides high quality care support and outcomes to our service users. I remain proud to lead the Group delivering a quality of care that makes a difference to so many lives. Haroon Sheikh Chief Executive Officer 18 December 2017 Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements CareTech Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 25 Underlying basic earnings per share remained at 38.03p 2016 38.03p. In the year underlying profit before taxation increased by 12.6 and underlying profit after tax has risen by 10.8 to 26.6m 2016 24.