 Following completion of our packing site rationalisation programme in 2015 we now operate two efficient facilities in Scotland and Cambridgeshire both of which are very well placed for both the major UK potato growing areas and distribution channels. We have continued to drive productivity through investment in these sites which accounted for a significant proportion of the Groups operational capital expenditure during the year of 4.8m net of Peacock farm packing facility acquisition 2016 3.7m. We have also continued our investment in IT following the successful transition in 2015 from inhouse servers to a cloudbased external provider thereby reducing the risk of business disruption and improving our contingency planning and disaster recovery capability. The focus this year has been on the installation of our new ERP system which as noted in the interim report resulted in some additional costs during a longer than expected implementation process. The rollout across both our UK packing sites has now been completed and we are pleased to report that it has bedded in well and that the expected planning and process efficiencies are starting to be realised. Our growing arm had a successful year benefiting from higher raw material prices. The increased order book in our fresh packing business also drove higher 1. The growing cycle starts with top quality seed production nearly 12 months in advance. 2. Planting of the ware crop takes place from February to April. 3. It takes about seven months to grow a field of main crop potatoes. The crop is sprayed to control weeds and guard against pests. The crop requires a lot of water to help it grow. 4. From June to September the crop is harvested into wooden boxes and taken to the farm. 5. The crop is quality controlled by eye to remove any unwanted potatoes before packing. 6. Nearly 250000 tonnes of potatoes are distributed every year. FROM SEED TO TABLE An illustrative timeline 10 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT CONTINUED demand for seed delivering a strong performance by our seed division. Our varietal development programme in this division continues apace and we have a strong pipeline of new potato varieties coming through to market. Our Cornish business of Rowe has had an average year growing picking and marketing daffodils in a season that extends from late December to late April. Unfortunately rapid crop development resulted in an early harvest which compromised sales opportunities. Expansion of our production area has given us the opportunity to serve an extended customer base enabling us to secure a number of new business wins during the year. In addition to daffodils Rowe Farming also grows and supplies early potatoes from Cornwall and made a successful start to the 2017 season. Following a good and uninterrupted planting season and subsequent favourable growing conditions all plant and machinery from the buildings and are confident that the sale of the site is now nearing completion. PROSPECTS The indications are that the planted area of potatoes in the UK has increased by approximately 4 for the second successive year. A timely planting season has been followed by variable growing conditions and current predictions are for a 2017 crop that is of average yield and quality. If this proves to be accurate it could deliver a gross yield as much as 9 greater than in 2016 at around 5.7m tonnes. This would usually indicate that we will have a season with more moderate raw material pricing compared with the 20162017 season. The diversity of our core business has delivered real benefits during the year under review. This proven model the new retail business we have secured and the more transparent arrangements we have agreed with established customers all give us increased confidence in our ability to achieve profitable growth in our established produce operations in the years ahead. Angus Armstrong Chief Executive Officer 27 September 2017 Directors Report Financial Statements Overview Strategic Report 11 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 A good solid performance STRATEGY IN ACTION RESTRAIN Turnover and profits have increased due to a recovery in core markets supported by additional regulatory approvals by EU member states. The principal activity of the Company is the sale lease and marketing of the Restrain system for the production and maintenance of a stable atmosphere of ethylene within to recover supported by a new management team and improved processes. Rowe had an average year extending further our customer base and the expanded production area has helped support this. Jersey had an outstanding year higher than average spring and early summer temperatures drove healthy UK demand and the margin was further supported by continued cost control and efficiencies. Jonathan Lamont Director 27 September 2017 14 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 Identifying assessing and prioritising risks PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES Potential risks affecting the Group are continuously reviewed as part of our operational risk selfassessment process and actions to mitigate these are identified. The key fundamental risks are set out below RISKUNCERTAINTY MITIGATION BREXIT The impact following the UKs decision to leave the EU is still to be determined. How the various food safety bodies and agencies interact over the coming months and years may well have an impact on our agricultural base. Food safety food crime and bio security will become increasingly important. Protecting and having access to a flexible and internationally diverse workforce. The Group is closely monitoring the negotiations and continues to work closely with the appropriate regulatory bodies and agencies to ensure all opportunities and challenges are equally met. We believe our established links to our grower base coupled with our reputation in supplying top quality traceable crop may actually offer up opportunities in the postBrexit era.