 Strategic report Corporate governance Accounts Annual Report 2017 De La Rue 9 Reality check Counterfeiting smuggling and tax evasion currently cost the world US1.8 trillion 1 enough to lift around 1.4 billion people out of poverty for six years. If this was a country it would have the tenth largest economy in the world by GDP and its growing fast driven by globalisation and increases in consumer spending. Its common to find counterfeit goods produced on one continent trafficked across another and sold on a third. Lets examine what this means for economies and citizens as well as for the brands being counterfeited. Firstly it reduces government revenue. Illicit trade perpetuates the grey and black economies reduces the amount of tax available to governments and corrodes a countrys ability to drive economic and social wellbeing. Potentially this is a huge global trade issue. Its not farfetched to imagine governments using tariffs against countries that fail to combat counterfeiting. Secondly counterfeiting supports crime and terrorism. According to the World Health Organisation trade in fake tobacco funds human and arms trafficking as well as supporting armed insurgent groups. For brands the dangers are twofold. Counterfeiting not only reduces the sales of legitimate goods at the same time it can also undermine a brands reputation by undermining hardwon customer relationships. Estimates suggest that 10 of cigarettes 2 and 25 of alcohol drinks are fake 3 and that at least 24 of consumers have unwittingly bought counterfeit goods online 4. In October 2016 Apple reported that up to 90 of its products purchased via a wellknown online marketplace are counterfeit. Staying one step ahead Effective product authentication from source to consumption can combat this surge in illicit trade. In fact this is the most effective way to ensure that governments can collect tax revenue consumers can make safe purchasing choices and businesses can protect their brands. Overt and covert product authentication technology can take many forms including secure features that can be embedded in a document or packaging to enable a business to track and trace a product anywhere in the world. Printed features holograms and uniquely encoded materials known as taggants all have a part to play. However technology alone can not combat counterfeiting. The political and regulatory environments must now get to grips with the challenges of globalisation and ecommerce. To succeed governments must deploy the same threepronged approach that led to cash counterfeiting becoming a relatively minor issue for example the Bank of England reports fewer than 0.006 of the UK banknotes in circulation today are fakes. That means combining technology and law enforcement with public education ensuring that people can recognise fakes and understand the threat they pose to lives and economies. Counterfeiting will not go away. But the right joinedup approach with multiple stakeholders working together to address issues such as cross border pricing and complex supply chains will go a long way to ensuring that governments brands and consumers stay health 2014. 4 MarkMonitor Thomson Reuters The Global Consumer Shopping Habits Survey 2015. Strategic report Corporate governance Accounts Annual Report 2017 De La Rue 11 Identity crisis Its well known that investment in health education and infrastructure will lead to an increase in GDP and the growth to which all countries aspire. But rarely governments can realistically make such investments without a reliable demonstrable understanding of its population base. How many people ... where do they live ... what do they need in terms of healthcare education and infrastructure Civil registration is the anchor of an effective global ID system the starting point that can build valuable practical knowledge around the who where how and what. Yet despite the best efforts of the World Bank and others the UNHCR reports that one million births per week are not being registered. The task of ensuring that everybody on the planet has a legal and secure ID by 2030 one of the UN Sustainable Development Goals looks a distant goal. Its natural to think that as we move towards a digital world technology will step in to enable births to be recorded and citizens validated with ease. Unfortunately the infrastructure that drives internet communication is simply not up to the task even in developed countries system resilience is not sufficient to deliver total reliability. For example the International Civil Aviation Organisation ICAO which sets the standards for the ID documentation required for air travel recognises that even if a mobile network is a mix of innovation trust and partnership combining the best of the physical and digital worlds to create an effective ID system and therefore drive growth and prosperity. Securing the future continued WHO ARE YOU TOWARDS A DIGITAL ID Wingspan Productions Ltd 2013 12 De La Rue Annual Report 2017 Data allow your political judgements to be based on fact to the extent that numbers describe realities. Hans Rosling Statistician and Public Educator The challenge of sharing data Significant barriers remain before we can welcome an era characterised by a single customercentric view underpinned by data captured digitally. In the UK for example ID data is owned by the organisation from the NHS to the DVLA and HMRC not the individual. Encouraging and enabling these organisations to share data will be a major challenge. The changing nature of tokens Were all accustomed to using physical items known in our industry as tokens to prove we are who we say we are whether in the form of a passport ID card or birth certificate. However the use of digital tokens can transform the customer experience and reduce costs supporting online applications accelerating verification and even enabling emergency replacement documents following loss or theft. No address no inclusion An address enables people to exercise their rights and responsibilities. Governments can provide services and infrastructure investment when they know where their citizens live. However around 75 of the world has an inadequate addressing system.