 2 Unaudited figures in our preclose updat e stated 10.2 revenue growth. As a result of the completion of the yearend financial review and audit actual total revenue growth in the year is 9.9. 3 This refe rs to goods in processing costs w hich are costs incurred in receiving resizing and storing broughtin product. These costs are only incurred in relation to selling product and management has concluded that it is more appropriate to include the costs in gross held in logistics hubs globally. Backup hybridomas are stored in more than one location Business interruption insurance Circa 61 of catalogue revenues come from OEM suppliers Strict quarantine procedures for cell lines with tested procedures for responding to mycoplasma infection Cryogenic storage and fridges are covered by alarms Infrastructure improvements in Branford and Hangzhou to enhance security of supply Further progress in the initiative to better align inventory holdings to sales patterns 1 3 2 4 Business growth is constrained by not having appropriate people resources and infrastructure in place Principal risk and why it is relevant Key mitigation Activity during the year Change Alignment to strategy Abcam has enjoyed rapid growth increasing the size of our operation and the number of people we employ. Our operational and IT infrastructure needs to be robust efficient and scalable for the Group to continue to manage its growth the contribution made by Abcams highly skilled and dedicated staff has been and will continue to be essential to Abcams future success Extensive investment in IT to maximise scalability security and usability Global content delivery partner used to increase reliability and access speed for static website content Dynamic website content served from an external fully supported data centre Investment in global premises to ensure they are fit to support current operations and mediumterm growth plans Open employee communication including employee NPS monitoring and improvement Operation of share ownership schemes Provision of significant opportunities for learning and development First modules of investment programme on business the growth strategy he defined with the Board and the CEO. In 2014 he became CEO and succeeded Abcam founder Jonathan Milner. Prior to joining Abcam Alan spent 14 years with Bain Company helping companies grow organically and through acquisition. Earlier in his career he led product innovation efforts for several brands at Kraft Foods. He was trained as a life science researcher with BS and MS degrees from Cornell University. He also has a passion for social enterprise and was involved in establishing two social venture philanthropy organisations in the UK and later acted as a Trustee for the National Citizens Service Trust. Current external appointments Alan has no external appointments. Skills and experience Alan brings the Abcam Board an impressive combination of a strong scientific background global business and leadership experience as well as strong consumer knowledge. Alan has a keen focus on the consumer helping Abcams strategic vision to be a successful global business by placing the customer at the heart of the business. Mara Aspinall MBA NonExecutive Director N R Louise Patten MA Oxon NonExecutive and Senior Independent Director N A R Gavin Wood BA Hons ACA Chief Financial Officer Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Corporate governance 31 Appointment December 2014. Background A chemist by training Sue began her career at Ford Motor Co. before moving to oil company Amerada Hess. She subsequently held senior executive roles at Marks Spencer plc across finance and latterly as Head of Corporate Development and Group Treasurer and Antibodies that target the same antigen but are derived from different cell lineages. Polyclonal antibodies bind to different sites on the antigen. Proteins Large complex molecules made up of amino acids. Proteins are required for the structure function and regulation of the bodys tissues and organs. RabMAb Abcams patented technology for the generation of high quality rabbit monoclonal antibodies. Rabbitrecombinant monoclonal antibodies Antibodies made by cloning DNA sequences from cell lines that produce rabbit monoclonal antibodies. Cloned recombinant antibodies are identical and are therefore not susceptible to lottolot variation. Reagent A product used in an experiment to detect or measure biological processes. Recombinant An antibody or protein that is synthesised from modified DNA in an artificial system that permits rapid production of large quantities of the protein. RNA Ribonucleic Acid a polymeric molecule that is transcribed from DNA. Various forms of RNA are involved in protein synthesis. Specificity This refers to the ability of an antibody to bind only the desired antigen. SimpleStep ELISA kits Kits that deliver fast results in just 90 minutes by reducing antibody and sample additions to a single step. 107 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Financial statements Financial statements Technical glossary Registered office 330 Cambridge Science Park Milton Road Cambridge CB4 0FL UK Websites www.abcam.com www.abcamplc.com Registered number 3509322 Company Secretary Suzanne Smith Nominated advisor and broker J.P.