 The Groups strategy includes identifying potential profitable opportunities to grow and expand the business. This has included the acquisition of five Empire cinemas in the UK in 2016 and the Empire Newcastle cinema in 2017. Following completion of acquisition with Regal post year end the enlarged Group is now the second largest operator in the world by number of screens. Cinematic window There have been ongoing discussions for a number of years about the cinematic window the period between the release of a film in a cinema and on any other platform. A material reduction in the cinematic window could reduce the cinema admissions per capita. There is no expectation that the current cinema window will significantly change in the near future however the Group continually monitors the status of this and regularly engages with the distributors to discuss this subject. 13 Cineworld Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Financial Statements Corporate Governance 1 2 3 4 5 Our Business Model and Strategy Creating longterm value Our people Our people are the face of our business. They are focused on ensuring that our customers feel more from the very start of their cinema experience. A well established training and development programme is used to maintain and continually improve standards. Our trusted commercial relationships Delivering a high quality film slate is one of the key external require otherwise. In some of our territories there are no classification guidelines and in such cases we provide information to customers about films so they can make informed choices about the type of film being shown. We also ensure that all trailers are complementary in terms of suitability to the main feature. The Group promotes a philosophy of access for all by offering accessible cinemas for the disabled that show a wide range of films and event cinema. Employees receive disability awareness training and specific advice on welcoming disabled customers. Many of our cinemas offer audiodescriptive autismfriendly and subtitled performances and in some territories the Group allows customers with disabilities to be accompanied by a carer free of charge. All new cinemas are designed to exceed current statutory requirements and to provide buildings which are technically advanced accessible and safe. When cinemas undergo major refurbishment as part of an ongoing programme of improvements and renovations the opportunity is taken to enhance access within cinemas where practicable to do so. Our People Once again 2017 saw considerable investment and focus in a number of people related areas. We continued to focus on the whole area of reward and yet again we made considerable investment in pay and bonus schemes meaning our rates of pay are among the highest in the industry and above all statutory minimums. We restructured our cinema leadership teams which enabled us to further increase our customer focus while also ensuring our people have more meaningful roles and increased rewards. These changes allowed over 500 employees to move from zero hours contracts to fully contracted hours. We rolled out a new Human Resources system which has amongst its features a selfserve facility. Each one of our Cineworld UK employees now has more control over their personal details and quicker access to key information such as hours and pay. The implementation included a mobile platform to ensure the system was accessible to our ever more tech savvy workforce. We are continuing to develop this platform to enable managers and employees across the Group to have a onestop shop for HR related matters. Learning development and employee engagement are areas of which we are immensely proud. We are committed to ensuring our people have the opportunity to develop themselves and reach their full potential. Through our succession related development programme BeMore internal candidates are well placed to secure advancement when vacancies arise and this also The BeReady programme trains people who are New to Role to enable them to feel part of our family and to develop their competence and confidence whilst they learn on the job. The BeGreat programme supports people with their performance and capability employees are upskilled in the technical and soft skill aspects of their role. All training is delivered in workshop format. The BeMore programme supports the top talent displaying potential and fulfils our internal succession requirements. Zoe Simpson one of our apprentices was shortlisted for the Retail Week Rising Stars Awards where she achieved employees generally are set out in the table below CEO 1 Employees 2 Salary 2.5 2.5 Nonpension benefits 7.1 4.6 Annual bonus No change No change 1 Moshe Greidingers salary increased by 2.5 with effect from 1 July 2017. 2 The figures reflect increases for UKbased monthly salaried employees excluding the Senior Management group. This group has been selected as the UK is the country in which the CEO spends a significant proportion of his time. Relative Importance of Spend on Pay The table below shows figures for people costs shareholder dividends and a number of other significant distributions of turnover that the Committee considers to be relevant in order to provide context to the relevant importance of pay spend. 2017 2016 change Staff and employee costs 126.4m 112.9m 12.0 Of which Directors remuneration costs 5.1m 5.2m 1.9 Corporation tax paid 12.0m 9.8m 22.4 Dividends paid 53.8m 47.0m 14.4 Retained earnings 159.5m 110.5m 44.