 Our highly developed production processes are designed to synchronise with those of the shipyard to ensure maximum efficiency control and visibility during each project. Our pioneering of the adoption of electrostatic paint spraying for Superyachts a technology developed within the automobile industry is a case in point. Electrostatic shooting offers significant advantages over conventional paint spraying not least being a reduction in the time required to topcoat larger Superyachts as well as a 60 improvement in paint transfer which massively reduces the environmental impact. GYG has completed projects up to 162.5 metres in Spain France Germany Holland Italy the UK and the USA. Entrusted with the worlds finest yachts we do not take our responsibility lightly and continue to cement our reputation through consistent delivery of excellent results on time and on budget. SUPPLY Based in Spain with the ability to serve clients anywhere in the world Pinmar Supply offers a comprehensive selection of marine products to the trade retail customers and direct provisioning to superyachts worldwide. Retail Division Our network of shops located in key marinas in Barcelona and Palma de Mallorca together with a mobile fleet of vans means our team of experts swiftly source and supply everything from urgent spare parts to specialist safety equipment paints and primers to trendsetting water sport toys. Global Supply Team Entirely to grow at 6 per annum and we have the platform in place to grow with and above the market. The Group is targeting regional developments in the refit market by continuing to engage and enter into new agreements with shipyards further strengthening our market position. The Group aims to increase its market share in new build through an organic growth strategy. The Board believes that being a listed group provides reassurance to shipyards due to the scale and security of the Group and provides confidence to them regarding the risk of awarding these large contracts. In the USA we are particularly excited about the potential of the newly refurbished Savannah Yacht Center in Georgia SYC. GYG entered into a memorandum of understanding with SYC in August 2016 to establish a new painting facility to cater for superyacht refit projects. Whilst GYG already has bases in Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach these facilities are mainly servicing yachts up to 70 metres therefore SYC opens up the 70 metre US market. Post period end the Groups US subsidiary Pinmar USA won the first significant refit project on a circa 70 metre Dutchbuilt superyacht which has started this month and will run for approximately 14 weeks. Management anticipates SYC to form a major part of the US growth strategy as this shipyard capacity comes fully on stream in Q3 2018. The Board has further targeted improvements to gross margins which are underpinned by a programme of management initiatives to improve production processes and internal systems. As a Group we will continue to invest in technological operational and our human resource development which will contribute to margin improvement as well as preserving the market leadership status of our portfolio of brands. Finally the Board continues to evaluate earnings enhancing acquisitions to increase market share and enable expansion into new geographic markets or new complementary services to support the Groups longterm strategy. Annual report and financial statements 2017 11 Strategic Report C H I EF E X E C U T IV E S R EP O R T C O NT I N U ED DIVISIONAL REVIEW GYG is a market leading superyacht painting supply and maintenance company offering its services globally through operations in the Mediterranean Northern Europe and the USA. The Companys brands include Pinmar Rolling Stock Pinmar Supply Pinmar USA Techno Craft and ACA Marine. GYGs operations are separated into two divisions Coating and Supply. The AIM IPO has certainly raised the profile of the Group providing a platform to engage directly with significant industry participants whilst giving corporate credibility and additional certainty to existing and potential clients. This has enabled the Group to continue growing market share in a growing market. In particular the management team has a strategic focus on new build where it is looking to increase GYGs market share as that market itself continues to expand. COATING DIVISION This division consisting of the refit and new build markets performed very well in 2017 with revenue increasing 16.7 to 53.7m FY16 46.0m. This performance is underpinned by the industry trend of increasing average vessel size 44 growth in the last 11 years resulting in a larger surface area to be treated. Particularly pleasing has been the 20 growth in revenue of the Groups scaffolding company Techno Craft. With the recent contract win of a 117 metre new build in Norway and several large refit projects being carried out in new locations the division is expanding its market share outside Spain while strengthening the Groups reputation as a company that can achieve vast scopes of high quality work in short time frames. Importantly the strong results in this division were achieved despite the challenges witnessed in the second half such as the hurricanes in the USA which not only interrupted production for a short period but also disrupted normal cruising and refit patterns. Refit includes repainting and finishing of superyachts normally as part of a refit programme and its revenues also include scaffolding containment and the removal of fittings undertaken by the Techno Craft business. A key driver of our business is that superyachts require a major survey and service every five years to comply with certain class regulations maritime laws and insurance requirements. In addition our strong warranty and network of relationships with shipyards supports strong repeat business enhancing revenue security. GYG operates four brands in the refit sector each targeting specific regional markets and segments.