 These are then cultured and grown before being encapsulated administered orally and delivered selectively to the gut where they exert their therapeutic effects on the patient. Beyond gastrointestinal disease Live Biotherapeutics are delivered to the gut but can have farreaching effects at anatomically distant sites of the body. Gut bacteria have evolved to manipulate the human immune system and we are harnessing this to develop Live Biotherapeutics. Utilising this we are developing Live Biotherapeutics for diseases as diverse as cancer and asthma and even conditions of the central nervous system such as Parkinsons disease and multiple sclerosis. Why mechanism matters Human gut bacteria contain thousands of genes. Understanding which of these genes and their products interact with the human body in a beneficial way is key to identifying new Live Biotherapeutics. Our scientists have deep expertise in microbiology immunology and bioinformatics which allows us to select our candidates based on an understanding of interactions at the molecular level. 4D pharma at a Glance Leaders in an emerging field We are well positioned to turn worldclass microbiome science into safer new therapies for patients. 4D has grown from pioneering microbiome research to the only integrated worldleading Live Biotherapeutics company. Watch our new video 4dpharmaplc.com Highly attractive safety profile Toxicity and unwanted side effects are a constant challenge in drug development. Safety concerns account for more than 50 of drug programme terminations and can also lead to suboptimal treatment The Companys Corporate Governance Statement can be found on pages 15 to 17. Our people We could not have achieved what we have without the continued support of our staff throughout our sites in Europe and also those involved in our wider collaborations. I would like to thank them all for their contribution to the progress we have made in 2017. David Norwood NonExecutive Chairman 20 April 2018 Strategic objectives Since the Group s initial public offering 4D has grown rapidly to become a world leader in the development of Live Biotherapeutics an endtoend microbiome company from research to development and manufacture. Our research teams continue to further the understanding both of our programmes and their mechanisms and of the microbiome generally. The past twelve months have seen the validation of MicroDx our diagnostic platform enabling the stratification of IBS patients. Our GMPcertified facility in Len Spain has enabled the development scaleup for our candidate strains and has increased clinicalproduction capacity to up to 100 million capsules per annum. Meanwhile our 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Consistent progress to lead a burgeoning field 10000 8000 6000 4000 2000 0 100 80 60 40 20 0 2014 4D pharma is founded and MicroRx platform developed 2016 Second clinical trial in paediatric Crohn s Disease 2017 GMP certification for manufacturing facility and 200 patents granted 2018 Target four programmes in the clinic and two immunooncology clinical studies in UK and US 2015 First clinical trial in IBS and MRx0518 discovered intervention in this trial further demonstrates the lower risk our Live Biotherapeutics represent in terms of safety but also provides potential insights into how MRx0518 may influence treatment regimes postsurgery. Working with leading institutions as partners such as Imperial College as well as the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston one of the worlds most respected institutions focussed on cancer patient care and research our work in oncology has led to the development of strategies to understand the potential of Live Biotherapeutics whether as a single agent adjuvant or in combination. Furthermore our involvement with these groups and in this space has led us to look at the potential of addressing other diseases associated with the side effects of cancer treatment with our Live Biotherapeutics further demonstrating the impact we believe Live Biotherapeutics can have in the oncology space. 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 STRATEGIC REPORT Outlook Throughout 2017 4D made significant progress towards its goal of producing Live Biotherapeutics as safe and effective therapies. Over the next twelve to 24 months the Group will through its clinical programmes seek to lead the way in generating robust clinical data to support the use of this new class of drugs across multiple indications. Duncan Peyton Chief Executive Officer 20 April 2018 The Group continues to manage its cash deposits prudently and invests its funds across a number of financial institutions which have investment grade credit ratings. The deposits range from instant access to twelvemonth term deposits and team who have responsibility for managing the risk and making key business decisions. This will then be encoded in systems of internal controls which will seek to mitigate the principal risks that could affect the strategy and operation of our business model and finally to ensure that identified risks are reported to the relevant stakeholders in a timely manner. We are continuously developing and improving our risk management process through ongoing review and evaluation of the risks clarifying our risk appetite and reviewing the longerterm viability of the business to make sure that we fully understand our risks and are managing them appropriately. These systems can be summarised as follows 11 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4dpharmaplc.com S Why is it important A thirdparty patent could be granted that affects a 4D technology or product. This could lead to us having to negotiate a licence seeking to revoke the patent in legal proceedings or even being unable to commercialise the future product materially affecting future revenues. Thirdparty patents could limit the Groups freedom to operate Current mitigating actions 4D is diligent in carrying out searches to identify potential thirdparty IP a comprehensive freedom to operate strategy has been developed and implemented to ensure that no blocking patents owned by third parties are unexpectedly granted. The thirdparty patent landscape is under continuous review. The Group has developed and continues to develop comprehensive and wideranging filings of detailed patents across the Groups technology portfolio.