 In the world of fashion it is critical that once a style is seen on the fashion show catwalk it reaches the stores as quickly as possible. It can take as little as six weeks from initial design concept to being available on shelf and merchandise is sourced from all corners of the globe. Although Primark does not own the companies or factories that produce its merchandise it recognises its responsibility to the workers in those factories and to its customers to ensure that its products are made in good working conditions. OPERATING REVIEW AGRICULTURE 30 OPERATING REVIEW RETAIL 40 OPERATING REVIEW INGREDIENTS 36 OPERATING REVIEW SUGAR 22 SUGAR INGREDIENTS AGRICULTURE RETAIL Associated British Foods plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 13 Strategic report About Grocery Grocery comprises consumerfacing businesses that manufacture and market a variety of wellknown brands both nationally and internationally. Twinings Ovaltine has the broadest geographical reach selling premium teas and malted beverages in more than 100 countries. AB World Foods focuses on the creation and development of world flavours and its Pataks and Blue Dragon branded products are sold internationally. Westmill Foods specialises in high quality ethnic foods including rice spices sauces oils flour and noodles sold under brands such as Rajah Lucky Boat and Elephant. Jordans Dorset and Ryvita operate in be rationalised into one site in Brighton by the end of this calendar year. On 12 October 2017 we completed the acquisition of Acetum S.p.A. the leading Italian producer of Balsamic Vinegar of Modena for 317m including debt assumed. These vinegars have been granted European Protected Geographical Indication status due to the unique nature of their production their provenance and high quality. Revenue 3381m 2016 3097m Actual fx 9 Constant fx level Adjusted operating profit 303m 2016 294m Actual fx 3 Constant fx 6 Adjusted operating profit margin 9.0 2016 9.5 Return on average capital employed 24.7 2016 24.2 CONTINUING BUSINESSES Associated British Foods plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 GROCERY FIND OUT MORE AT WWW.ABF.CO.UKRESPONSIBILITY new opportunities communities Creating for local CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY The Karen are an ethnic group originating primarily from Myanmar. Tens of thousands have become refugees due to persecution in their native country. Some 11000 Karen refugees have made their way to Australia with 1000 resettling and building a new community in the regional town of Bendigo 35 kilometres from the Don meat factory at Castlemaine Victoria. Don has been working to reduce its dependence on casual labour by creating more permanent positions at the Castlemaine site where ongoing skills can be developed through a more reliable and permanent workforce. This has included proactively exploring with local communities and government bodies how best to source people for these positions. As part of a trial with the local state government recruitment agency a small number of Coles voice of the consumer insights are very positive. The level of engagement between Don and Coles around The Ham Revolution was nothing short of Hamazing and set a new benchmark for excellence. Coles were so pleased with the project that it was nominated for three trophies at their annual Supplier Awards and was successful in the Supply Chain Excellence category. A CUT ABOVE THE REST Acetum was founded by Cesare Mazzetti and Marco Bombarda both of whom will remain in the business and its brands include Mazzetti the leading brand in Germany and Australia as well as Acetum and Fini. Its products are sold in more than 60 countries and in the year ended 31 December 2016 generated net sales of 102m. This business will benefit from the groups existing capability in selling and marketing speciality foods internationally and we have ambitious plans to grow. We completed the sale of ACHs herbs and spices business in the US on 21 November 2016 for a gross cash consideration of 294m. Operating profit at ACHs continuing operations were well ahead of last year driven by higher revenue and lower overheads. Mazola increased its market share with continued support from its successful television advertising and consumer yeast corn syrup and corn starch all performed well both in retail and foodservice. Margins improved again this year at George Weston Foods in Australia where cost management delivered significant operational efficiencies and overhead reduction. Tip Top achieved strong listings of Thins a product new to launching 220g and 500g packs to complement the existing 1kg and 2kg packs fortifying all products with Vitamin A in line with the Malawian Governments campaign to reduce infant and maternal mortality and launching a more robust packaging design backed by highprofile retail displays and nationwide advertising. The new brand packaging recognises and celebrates Malawians strong sense of national pride and heritage featuring local language and imagery. Strategic insights The programmes insights and its impact on the Malawian supply chain will further inform how the Illovo group improves the route to market in neighbouring Zambia and Tanzania. It will also contribute to our overall strategy of being a worldclass and highly efficient organisation operating in Africa. The Illovo teams efforts in providing an improved secure and safe supply of sugar in sizes to accommodate difficult daily challenges won them second place in a Chartered Institute of Customer Managements service excellence award. Associated British Foods plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 29 Strategic report operating review About Agriculture AB Agri occupies a unique position across the agrifood supply chain. Its focus is to add value and deliver profit for partners all along that chain by improving the sustainability of food production. This is achieved by investing in research and development driving the use of technology and exploring how data can deliver insight and enable real world improvements.