 This we believe will increasingly lead to the outsourcing of logistics operations to scalable logistics operators such as Eddie Stobart. The UKs fast moving consumer goods market FMCG is relatively mature with forecast growth at less than 1 per annum to 2020 9. This longestablished sector includes the movement of manufactured products comprising a broad range of both ambient and temperaturecontrolled goods such as milk soft drinks and personal care goods. This sector is dominated by large international brands within large UK operations. Their logistics solutions are a mix of inhouse and preexisting outsourced solutions. As with the Retail sector a combination of low growth and price competition is expected to result in market participants focusing more on core competencies as well as seeking to increase efficiencies by outsourcing to specialist logistics providers. Our European operations are headquartered in Genk Belgium and comprise two divisions car storage and distribution and general cargo. There are c.400 people working in our European businesses. We also operate in joint venture arrangements at three sites relating to inspection and preparation of finished vehicles. Please see note 4 on page 92 of the accounts for further information on the structure of these operations. Car storage and distribution At our site in Genk we can store up to 5000 vehicles and provide predelivery inspection services for new cars and repair and renewal services for used vehicles. The site is operating at full capacity for our bluechip customer base that driver specific courses and qualifications from the standard Driver Certificate of Professional Competence DCPC to more specialised ADR and ALLMI qualifications to customer specific training requirements. Angelina Miley HR Director 20 Eddie Stobart Logistics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Recruitment We recruit individuals with the talents and the resultsdriven attitude we need to meet the high standards of performance which our customers expect. Our robust recruitment process allows us to select the best candidates for the right job. We use a variety of aptitude tests and personality assessments to support our recruitment process and immediately identify any skills gaps that can be addressed. We recruit and train all our potential and existing employees in accordance with our five core values we encourage openness and honesty act with compassion integrity and respect and have fun in delivering excellence to our customers. Employee engagement We openly encourage alignment with our business goals through open communication and appraisals. We have a set of regular publications that ensure employees are kept informed. These include our online news pages and a briefing pack for our managers to use with their teams incorporating video messages from both our Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer. We have a wellestablished monthly driver and warehouse representatives forum to communicate and engage with these representatives. The purpose of these sessions is to ensure representatives are focused and understand the roles they have in supporting our business strategy along with sharing site and regional business news. In addition to this we also hold a national annual meeting where all Eddie Stobart driver and warehouse representatives come together. Our executive team provides a business update and listen to their concerns as well as discussing pay arrangements. Training Academies and driving schools Training is a top priority for Eddie Stobart and our academy has been recognised as a leading facility by customers suppliers and industry advocates. Over the past twelve months we have opened our facilities to the wider industry providing training to drivers across the logistics sector. In January 2018 a second driving school facility was launched in the Midlands complementing the existing school in Warrington. Designed to raise the overall quality and quantity of both new and existing talent we offer and run dedicated training courses across the following areas LGV licence acquisition Legislative training such as Driver Certificate of Professional Competence Specialist skills such as crane operations and transportation of dangerous goods Warehousing systems and operational training Our apprenticeship programme In April 2016 we introduced apprenticeship programmes at our depots in Appleton Crick and Dagenham where 56 employees have taken the opportunity to develop their knowledge across a range of key skills areas of Team leading Business administration Sales IT Management We have also launched our Driver Development Programme DDP for existing drivers combining Safe and Fuel Efficient Driving SAFED Safe Urban Driving SUD and customer service excellence. New for 2018 our graduate scheme As part of our focus on attracting the right talent into our business we launched yard management and despatch. This drives high levels of control visibility and efficiency. Simplified backoffice We have also streamlined backoffice processes including our fleet and asset management system through which vehicles and equipment are serviced and maintained to ensure optimal efficiency and utilisation. Also our ongoing HR system upgrades are supporting our people plan and simplifying and controlling processes such as recruitment training and development which has allowed us to commercialise our offering. Technologyenabled endtoend supply chain Ecommerce software The acquisition of iForce means Eddie Stobart is now able to offer customers a full Ecommerce proposition through iForces sector leading modular software supporting a range of operations including Multichannel fulfilment and warehousing Returns processing and margin recovery Dynamic carriage and delivery management Online stock clearance solutions Many of these services can be delivered as an online SaaSbased service offering customers speed of startup flexibility and removing the need for costly and complex infrastructure investments. The rich functionality embedded in these products has been developed over many years of close cooperation with a variety of leading online and multichannel retailers. The software affords much greater flexibility and agility to respond to trends and changing customer needs than standard commercially available systems John Court Chief Information Officer Were proud to deliver leading software and solutions.