 The remaining consents are expected in the coming months Presentation of information Amounts are presented including the Groups share of joint ventures. Underlying earnings is used by management to assess the underlying performance of the business and is based on an industry standard comparable measure. It excludes valuation movements exceptional items and related tax. See nancial review on page 48 for more details on the presentation of information and alternative performance measures used Our strategic objectives Optimising asset performance Delivering attractive longterm total property returns from strong stable income streams Delivering UK developments Extending and enhancing our existing locations to deliver superior returns Making the brand count Using our respected brand to create compelling experiences for our customers Seizing the growth opportunity in Spain Creating a business of scale through acquisitions and development projects 3 Overview Highlights of 2017 Market value Size sq ft 000 Superregional centres intu Trafford Centre 2324m 2018 intu Lakeside 1417m 1435 intu Merry Hill 931m 1671 intu Metrocentre 929m 2086 intu Braehead 533m 1123 Cribbs Causeway 240m 1075 Major city centres intu Derby 458m 1300 Manchester Arndale 456m 1790 intu Victoria Centre 356m 976 St Davids Cardiff 346m 1391 intu they walked through the door. We know that happy customers mean happy retailers. David Fischel Chief Executive 400m customer visits in 2017 26 spontaneous brand awareness 73 RepTrack reputation score 100 waste diverted from landll 58 reduction in carbon emission intensity since 2010 1m social media followers 4. 6 bn total economic contribution in 2017 12 of UK population visit an intu centre each year intu in numbers 70 consistently high net promoter score 3 of Spains top10 centres 16 intu properties plc Annual report 2017 D riven by our values of bold creative and genuine we encourage effective experimentation both by individuals and through group initiatives such as intu Accelerate and Green Lab. Employee innovation is captured through our Ideas Funnel and success is recognised and rewarded through Win Your Dream. intu centres development sites We have 20 million sq ft of retail leisure and catering space in the UK We are on course to being Spains top operator of superregional shopping centres A culture of 17 The intu difference Making the difference Anticipating customers changing needs Our customers want to be able to shop when they like through different channels. However the store is king and the place shoppers spend the vast majority of their money. They like the ability to see touch and try on the full range from all key retailers in one location or as part of a day out to conrm online research and pick up products bought online. Economic uncertainty For customers there wi usage through our digital infrastructure in order to understand customer ow patterns during busy times so we can deploy teams more swiftly. By segmenting our customer data according to demographics shopping habits and location we can tailor the mix of retail leisure and great offers and ensure our facilities meet their expectations so everyone has a compelling experience every time they come. International Despite the challenging headwinds facing retailers the UK is still an attractive market for international retailers who focus their expansion plans on high footfall experiencebased locations. Demand is truly global with Victorias Secret from the US Australian accessories brand Lovisa and Polish cosmetics store Inglot all expanding. Brands As direct access to new customers becomes harder brands are considering different routes with shopping centres an attractive option as they offer high levels of footfall and long dwell times. Global brands such as Nespresso Mercedes and Tesla are following this route and we are having conversations with fastmoving consumer goods companies. Leisure From trampolining and minigolf to skiing and aquariums brands such as Puttshack Flip Out and Gravity are increasingly taking space in our agship centres to reach the leisurehungry customer. Leisure and experience play a key role in what people decide to do with their free time and they want to enjoy such attractions at a place convenient to them. Annual sources of data include 26m website visits 873000 social media interactions 20000 Tell intu feedback questionnaires 9m in centre wi connections 2.7 m email subscribers range of channels to communicate with staff our intranet Mint employee magazine Chorus insight strategy presentation twiceyearly results presentations and staff briengs. Each location has its own staff forum. Since November 2012 we have run an annual employee survey with consistently high employee engagement scores in the region of 750. The 2017 staff survey has been postponed until spring 2018 to allow us to consider the information the survey has supplied combined with information from all our other sources such as Investors in People NES customer surveys Tell intu and other insight to put really meaningful actions in place. We continue to encourage staff to achieve their personal and professional goals and to take part in our corporate responsibility community support and sustainability programmes. More than one in ve took advantage of the working days intu makes available for volunteering activity double last years number.