 We have invested significantly in recent years gaining independent accreditation for our sourcing and manufacturing credentials and have set out to lead the foodonthego sector in eliminating or reducing unnecessary ingredients at the same time as providing full information to allow customers to make informed choices. Making good freshly prepared food accessible to all income levels is embedded in our core purpose as a brand with outstanding value meal deals setting us apart from the competition. Our product strategy has been to nurture and protect our marketleading reputation in longestablished traditional bakery categories adapted to foodonthego whilst developing new reasons to visit Greggs by offering quality and value in new growth areas. Our traditional categories including fresh baked savoury snacks freshly prepared sandwiches and delicious sweet bakery treats remain our bestselling products and are being supported by strong growth in new categories. Breakfast Breakfastonthego continues to grow strongly and Greggs has established a leading position by focusing on offering outstanding value with our breakfast meal deal starting at just 2. This remains our fastestgrowing part of our trading day and we continue to build increased spend and visit frequency through menu development. Strategically it plays an important role in diversifying demand patterns making us less reliant on general shopping missions and less sensitive to weather. Hot drinks Led by coffee at breakfast our reputation for quality value and service in this growth category and continuing to reduce our carbon intensity. No change Regulatory and compliance Following the implementation of new Sentencing Council guidelines large financial penalties could be imposed on the business for breaches of Food Safety or Health Safety legislation. Due to the number of stores we operate and the volume of customer transactions we handle on a daily basis we may be exposed to isolated incidents which fall below our expected standards and may expose us to prosecution. We have a system of controls and monitoring in place and our teams are provided with extensive training on safe processes and procedures. Our audit processes confirm whether proper procedures are being followed. New Economic climate Increased uncertainty about the economy and the outcome of Brexit impacts on consumer confidence. Wider economic uncertainty and job insecurity may cause consumers to be more cautious with their discretionary spending. As a leading value brand we take steps to control our costs whilst maintaining the quality of our customer offer. We closely monitor our competitiveness and are focused on remaining great value for money. New Management of third party relationships As our reliance on third parties for services ingredients or business support increases we become more exposed to their business interruption risks. This could impact on our ability to produce distribute or sell our products. Our own contingency arrangements consider the implications of key systems or ingredients being unavailable. All third parties are vetted prior to us engaging with them. Key supplier relationships are managed by Safety or Health Safety legislation. Due to the number of stores we operate and the volume of customer transactions we handle on a daily basis we may be exposed to isolated incidents which fall below our expected standards and may expose us to prosecution. We have a system of controls and monitoring in place and our teams are provided with extensive training on safe processes and procedures. Our audit processes confirm whether proper procedures are being followed. New Economic climate Increased uncertainty about the economy and the outcome of Brexit impacts on consumer confidence. Wider economic uncertainty and job insecurity may cause consumers to be more cautious with their discretionary spending. As a leading value brand we take steps to control our costs whilst maintaining the quality of our customer offer. We closely monitor our competitiveness and are focused on remaining great value for money. New Management of third party relationships As our reliance on third parties for services ingredients or business support increases we become more exposed to their business interruption risks. This could impact on our ability to produce distribute or sell our products. Our own contingency arrangements consider the implications of key systems or ingredients being unavailable. All third parties are vetted prior to us engaging with them. Key supplier relationships are managed by our central procurement team. New Ability to attractretain motivate people Market forces and particularly the impact of Brexit may result in a shortage of available workforce. This may be compounded by the relative external. Independent advice was also sought where appropriate from the Committees advisors. Remuneration structure and philosophy The existing remuneration framework consists of the following elements fixed pay base salary pension and benefits and variable pay annual bonus paid in both cash and deferred shares and performance share plan PSP. The Committee believes that the current structure works well and remains fitforpurpose. It is simple and consistent with pay outcomes dependent upon performance linked to our business strategy. It ensures a significant proportion of pay is delivered in shares to provide alignment with investors and incorporates a number of best practice features including a twoyear post vesting holding period for PSP awards. Since announcing our fiveyear strategic plan in 2013 transforming the business from a traditional bakery into a modern foodonthe goretailer we have delivered excellent operational and financial performance. In the four years since 2013 our companymanaged likeforlike sales have grown by 17.1 per cent and pretax profit excluding exceptional items has increased by 98 per cent reflecting sales growth combined with significant savings arising from structural changes and investment in better processes and systems. This is reflected in strong EPS growth averaging 21 per cent p.a. since 2013.