 We have begun providing higherspecification routers to all new broadband customers to mitigate these and are refreshing our inhome support service to provide greater assistance with inhome issues to customers who wish to purchase it Hull and East Yorkshire Supporting customers to live and work in a connected world 1. The Communications Market Report Ofcom 2016. 16 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report Market opportunities and trends continued For our customer facing service as well as the back office processes and the service IT delivers to the business KCOM plays a critical role in our success. Michelle Liptrot Transformation Director Arrow XL Arrow XL is the UKs largest twoman home delivery specialist delivering around 7 000 orders every day. It chose KCOM to provide a comprehensive IT infrastructure solution that connects its four hubs and 17 satellite bases and includes managed WAN and LAN networks IP voice hosting and cloudbased productivity software. Market opportunities and trends Connectivity is key for businesses While connectivity services are viewed increasingly as a commodity they remain the foundation of many businesses technology platforms by enabling access to valueadded services and applications Large multisite organisations rely relations issues developed a career framework with defined roles and transparent career paths to better enable employee led career development introduced a new approach to performance management that allows our people to take control of their own development and progression and introduced a new careers website and online recruitment process that will make it easier to attract and recruit the right people for our business. Priorities for 201718 We will move away from a recognition culture based on length of service and introduce a modern recognition platform that provides more relevant and transparent opportunities for reward and recognition make the most of the professional communities we have established across the business to improve workforce planning succession planning and talent management processes develop academies for all our professional communities providing clear development solutions and pathways that support ownership of development by the individual and drive benefit from a broad companywide resource pool of skilled talent that allows for focused and effective utilisation and prioritisation where it is needed to support growth develop communities and share knowledge. Customers People Driving operational excellence Our value creation is underpinned by four strategic pillars 21 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report We recognise that our customers needs are better met if we work seamlessly with carefully selected partners to create combined service offerings. Priorities for 201617 We aimed to seek to expand our ecosystem of technology partners that improve our speed to market extend the reach of our propositions and increase Enterprise or a significant security or compliance breach alongside a material disruption to a key location. Our stress testing assessed the likelihood of each scenario and the remote situation where all of our scenarios occur over a three year period. Whilst it is impossible to foresee all risks or take into account risks which are currently immaterial which could turn out to be significant further mitigation activities could be performed for example reducing capital expenditure or discretionary spend or making changes to our dividend policy. In making its assessment the Board has made an assumption around the continued availability of funding. This includes the extension to our banking facilities which are now in place until December 2021. Overall assessment The results showed that for the period under review our existing arrangements provide sufficient headroom on both an individual and aggregated basis. Based on the results of this review the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three year period ending 31 March 2020. 26 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report Managing risk in our business continued Risks reported in the prior year Key Customers People Partners Processes and systems Substitute technologies entering the consumer market Why is it important What are we doing to mitigate the risk Change in level of risk Much of our consumer business is currently based on the provision of services over a fixedline learning and development opportunities we offer throughout their employment with us. 33 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report Customers and suppliers Tackling digital exclusion 88yearold George Marsh recently joined the other 1.94 billion people on Facebook. The retired driving instructor took his first steps on social media at one of KCOMs monthly internet dropin sessions. George is a regular visitor to the sessions where he has been proving you are never too old to learn new skills. Brandishing his iPad he said I just like to keep my mind active. I have used computers before but at my age I keep forgetting things so its nice to come back in for a refresher. I really enjoy coming in because the people are really helpful and help you get to where you want to be. I mainly use the computer for keeping up to date with the news and the weather. It keeps me informed with whats going on in the world. These sessions are a godsend really without them I wouldnt have much use for my iPad. Its a lifeline. Sustainable relationships with customers and suppliers are vital to our success. We have a responsibility to treat them fairly and with the highest ethical standards and to do business in a way that has a positive effect not just on them but on wider society.