tickets domain is legitimate. Enterprise Revenue 2016 4.6m Enterprise Revenue 2017 4.1m Enterprise EBITDA 2016 2.8m Enterprise EBITDA 2017 2.8m Recurring Revenue 2016 15.3 Recurring Revenue 2017 19.8 I am pleased to report on a strong year of growth for CentralNic. The Group continued its strategy to build a diversified internet services business of size and scale through an acquisitive rollup programme which delivers highlevels of recurring revenues quality of earnings and strong cash generation. In addition revenue 10 gross profit 28 adjusted EBITDA 20 and profit after tax 7 all show year on year increases a pleasing achievement for the Group. SKNIC the manager of the exclusive country code toplevel domain for Slovakia was acquired in midDecember 2017 for a maximum cash consideration of 25.7 million 22.6 million. The Board anticipates SKNIC to be earnings enhancing in line with expectations at the time of the acquisition as well as providing access to a new international market with sustainable growth characteristics a high renewal rate of over 86 and the opportunity to leverage CentralNics existing expertise and bespoke technical platforms in the domain management business. The acquisition was funded by the Companys own cash reserves and a term loan and revolving credit facility totalling 18 million provided by Silicon Valley Bank which also provides a 3 million overdraft facility. Significant growth was delivered in of 0.6 million in 2016 adjusted EBITDA was in line with market expectations at 6.6 million 2016 5.5 million representing an increase of 20 on the prior year. Profit after tax increased by 7 to 1.02 million 2016 0.96 million. Chairmans statement 8 CentralNic Group Plc Annual Report 2017 Our vision is to join the ranks of world leaders in the industry as new TLDs which the Group distributes expand to challenge the incumbent dominant domain name endings .com etc and emerging markets like China grow to rival the size of the North American and European markets. Mike Turner Chairman Cash flow was positive during the year with yearend cash balances of 10.9 million 2016 9.9 million and net debt excluding prepaid costs of 7.2m 2016 net cash 7.3m. During the year CentralNic entered into a new facility agreement with Silicon Valley Bank which enabled the Group to acquire SKNIC and optimise its capital structure and gain access to funding for growth opportunities. Diluted earnings per share increased by over 6 to 1.04p 2016 0.97p. Strategy The Groups strategy remains to develop and operate scalable software platforms by serving global markets with domain names and related services. It continues to identify and exploit high growth areas within the domain industry retaining a leading role in new TopLevel Domains servicing country code domains and focusing on growth markets including Eastern Europe and Asia. The Group aims to win and retain wellresourced clients with complementary objectives and to make acquisitions which meet number of corporate clients completed the ICANN delegation process in 2017 and have begun to prepare their DotBrand Top Level Domains for use. Other corporate and government clients continue to licence CentralNic software and many also use the Groups feebased support services to distribute domains develop and implement their own policies and to market and manage their operations inhouse. CentralNics premium domain name trading business performed well with revenues of 3.0 million achieved reduced from 3.7 million the previous year. In line with the Groups strategy to focus on increasing its revenues in the recurring category premium domain name sales will be a decreasing proportion of revenues and contribution going forward. Acquisitions progressing CentralNics strategy Moving forward CentralNic will continue to identify acquisitions that will add scale and new market leading technology platforms to serve its customers as well as creating opportunities for savings by eliminating duplication in costs. The Group has established a robust foundation for future growth is able to leverage a suite of worldclass software and services has a large and experienced management team and significant staff resources able to support customers around the world. Infrastructure for growth People During 2017 CentralNic made significant additions to its Board and management team to extend even further its ability to execute our acquisitionsled growth strategy. In July Don Baladasan joined the Board as Chief Financial Officer bringing significant public company acquisition and integration experience. At senior management level the Company had already recruited Group Commercial Director Stuart Fuller and of the two businesses has strong strategic logic and economies of scale and represents an opportunity to create a group with competitive technology platforms delivering significant recurring revenues for every major customer type within the industry. Discussions are ongoing at the time of publication. Outlook Current trading is in line with expectations as the Group continues to grow both organically and through further acquisitions and remains entirely focused on expanding its global footprint in the domain and web services industry. New products and services are added continually to service customers. For example the group plans to offer online security and brand protection services to its corporate clients. Across all its business segments new customer acquisition remains a priority for the Group. Finally we will continue to make earnings enhancing acquisitions to achieve further scale additional capabilities and greater economies of scale. Ben Crawford Chief Executive 30 May 2018 12 CentralNic Group Plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report The Company continues to win retain and grow business from wellresourced clients with complementary objectives. It also sources and executes acquisition transactions that meet the Groups strategic criteria of being earnings accretive with a strong recurring revenue base particularly revenues from domain registrations and their subsequent annual renewal. The Group has a culture derived from entrepreneurial roots. This helps underpin its strategy with a Groupwide passion for entering and competing protably in new markets.