 Strong growth was achieved through contributions from contract wins on automotive and aerospace programmes excellent growth in Emerging Markets where our investments are yielding good returns and broadbased growth across the general industrial sectors an element of which was due to some customer restocking. The Groups revenue growth combined with continued discipline on costs helped lift headline operating profit by 24. Return on sales increased to 18.0 from 16.6. To ensure that the business continues to deliver good results we will continue to focus on efficiency maintaining price discipline in light of increasing inflation across many economies and the execution of our successful strategy. Our business by its nature has limited forward visibility but we have entered the year with good momentum. Accordingly and in spite of the foreign exchange headwind at current exchange rates 2018 has started in line with our expectations. S.C. Harris Group Chief Executive 6 March 2018 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information 09 www.bodycote.com Stock code BOY 25695 19 March 2018 329 PM Proof 7 Business model Provider of essential services to engineering manufacturers Classical Heat T reatment Specialist T echnologies Working to very exacting quality specifications heat treatment uses precisely controlled furnaces to process a huge variety of metals and alloys improving their material properties. Bodycotes Classical Heat Treatments describe a group of mature heat treatment processes and includes metal joining technologies which are used to join and assemble parts resources to align with the global and local requirements of the market sectors in which our customers operate and providing the highest levels of customer service in terms of quality delivery reliability and technical problem solving. T echnology Providing thermal processing services that are a vital link in the manufacturing supply chain and valueadding and proprietary specialist technologies which offer unique solutions for a variety of applications. Strategic elements Our key strategies focusing on customer alignment and leadership in our areas of technology and service are underwritten by our supporting strategies. HIP Services HIP Product Fabrication Surface T echnology Return on capital employed Headline earnings per share Accident frequency Carbon footprint Low Pressure Carburising LPC Specialty Stainless Steel Processes S 3 P CorrIDur CiD Safety environment At the foundation of our business is the provision of a safe working environment for our employees and to operate with minimal environmental impact. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information 11 www.bodycote.com Stock code BOY 25695 19 March 2018 329 PM Proof 7 Component journeys HIGH ROLLER A COMPONENT JOURNEY AEROSPACE BEARINGS Ball and roller bearings are essential to highprecision rotary components in aircraft and need to deliver exceptional durability and consistent performance despite changes in temperature and air pressure. Materials used are customised based on the end application including high temperature stainless steels and more exotic alloys such as Inconel. Denotes the parts of the component journey undertaken by Bodycote. BODYCOTE COMPONENT JOURNEYS This is just one example of how Bodycote brings December 2017 25695 19 March 2018 329 PM Proof 7 Risk description Impact Mitigation and control Relevance to strategy Operational risks Service quality The Bodycote brand is reliant on the repeatable delivery of parts to agreed specification to an agreed time. Increasing Deterioration in quality or service levels can cause serious longterm damage to Bodycotes reputation with financial consequences such as the loss of a customer and the cost of damages or litigation. Work that is released into use which is not in compliance with specification could arise as a result of system or human failure. The Automotive ISO technical specification 16949 has recently undergone major revision and is being replaced by IATF 16949 IATF being the International Automotive Task Force. The new standard requires additional work for example additional quality inspections. Bodycote has stringent quality systems in place managed by qualified staff. Quality systems and processes operated at plant level with oversight by divisional quality teams. Where necessary plants maintain industry relevant accreditations such as ISO 9001 Nadcap and IATF 16949. All plants subjected to internal and external quality audits and inspections at least once a year. Major disruption at a facility Bodycotes business processes are inherently risky and there is a possibility that a major fire such as that suffered in 2016 at the Huntington Park facility USA or utility outage could lead to closure of a facilitys operation. In addition a number of sites are exposed to natural hazards such as earthquakes flooding and storms. Stable Any independent third party provider ensuring anonymity. Reports are transcribed and sent to the Group Head of Risk who then determines the appropriate steps for the matter to be addressed. Online training courses in respect of AntiBribery and Competition Law have been designed and translated into the major languages used throughout the Group. All relevant employees have completed the interactive courses. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information 33 www.bodycote.com Stock code BOY 25695 19 March 2018 329 PM Proof 7 Corporate responsibility and sustainability continued Operational SHE performance Bodycote is committed to continual improvement in our safety health and environmental performance SHE. We are committed to complying with all local legislative requirements as a minimum and establishing consistent and robust best practices at all of our sites to deliver consistently high performance across all aspects of SHE management. Safety and health The nature of the Groups operations is such that employees are inevitably exposed to hazards in the workplace. Bodycote aims to manage these hazards and thereby minimise risks to employees through the deployment of robust safety control systems and procedures and seeks to establish these at all sites. Bodycotes online incident reporting and SHE management tool has been operational since 2013. This has enabled more consistent and thorough reporting of workplace injuries near misses and unsafe conditions. Following the implementation there was an increase in the lost time injury rate frequency LTI rate in 2013 as sites were better able to record and report incidents.