4 to 6.0. During the year we were delighted to secure the North Somerset contract which is expected to add circa 7m to annual revenues. The contract was mobilised in March 2017. We are very proud to partner with some of the best performing local Another strong customer performance in a competitive market with major new business wins and an excellent track record of contract extensions Roger Edwards MD Municipal Employees 3500 Locations 49 Strategic objectives The Municipal division will continue to seek to grow revenue profitably through maximising customer retention through contract extensions and by capitalising on the trend toward larger scale contracts. There is scope to develop further service offerings direct to our residential customers to complement our municipal revenue stream. Optimising our collection service through deployment of technology and increasing segregated food collection will allow us to focus on reducing costs for our clients whilst supporting our margins. Contracts 37 Strategic Report www.biffa.co.uk 22 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Operating Review continued recycled or treated for energy recovery and for which landfill is the only viable means of safe disposal. In parallel we continued to focus on developing alternative treatments for certain materials including composting aggregates recycling and polymer reprocessing. Towards the end of the year we completed the 6m expansion of our HDPE processing facility supplying recycled foodgrade HDPE to the food and cosmetics industries. Market Conditions The recycling market continues to mature with a greater until integration phase completed. Postacquisition reviews to track benefit delivery with financial benefits embedded within financial planning processes e.g. forecasts and budgets. Groups funding arrangements contain flexibility designed to allow for expansionrelief in the event of material acquisitions. Grow Strategic Report www.biffa.co.uk 30 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued Risk description Risk impacts Risk mitigation Link to strategy 4. Long term contractstendering The Group is exposed to risks inherent in longterm fixedprice contracts in particular in its Municipal division and related operations. Risks could include inaccurate estimation of costs or issues controlling costs during the life of fixedprice contracts. Financial Reputational All material bids are subject to detailed review and formal approval at divisional Group and Board level. Material bids are compiled by dedicated development teams with significant expertise and experience. Protection from change of law or force majeure for unforeseen circumstances is designed into contracts. Certain risks will not be accepted commercially such as excessive commodity price volatility exposure. Grow 5. Business Continuity Planning IT resilience and Cyber Security A significant disruption to Biffas IT systems could potentially have an impact on the activity of the Groups customers such as increased billing times interruptions to collection operations and processing logistics and additional costs. Additionally the theft destruction loss misappropriation or release of sensitive andor confidential information could result in business disruption negative publicity or brand damage. Financial Reputational Operational Externally hosted Business Continuity recovery sites for key admin and support functions with a accreditation and reporting schemes to which Biffa subscribes helping to demonstrate its commitment and credentials. These include Carbon Saver Gold accreditation Biffa has maintained this certification over the last 10 years in addition to maintaining other accreditations including ISO 14001. The certification recognises the yearonyear reductions in our carbon emissions arising from energy use. Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply CIPS sustainability rating The CIPS Sustainability Index CSI is an online assessment of Biffas environmental economic and social sustainability credentials. Biffa first obtained a rating in 201516 and was 31 points ahead of any comparable competitor in our sector. Logistics Carbon Reduction Scheme LCRS in association with the Freight Transport Association LCRS is an annual report providing vehicle and fuel data to demonstrate to the Government that the industry is contributing to climate change reduction targets without the need for regulation or additional taxation. Carbon Reduction Achievements Biffas commitment to reducing its carbon footprint is also reflected in its transition to services which focus on recovering recyclables from waste streams and treating organic waste via anaerobic digestion AD to generate renewable energy or by composting with disposal to landfill being minimised to materials which still require that solution. Over recent years our achievements include Improvements to energy consumption through upgraded metering with automatic data supply to our energy management system Installation of LED lighting solar PV and intelligent heating systems across the business Saving 1500 tonnes CO 2 per year by converting trucks on three Municipal contracts to biodiesel and receiving a bonus of 304610 representing 93.7 and 100.0 of his salary and bonus opportunity respectively. This bonus outturn reflected both strong Group and individual performance over the year Considering benchmarking pay level analysis for the roles of CEO and CFO Receiving an update on the Biffa Group employee pay and conditions and Approving the Malus and Clawback Policy. These activities were undertaken in the context of a strong year of underlying financial performance in what was also a transformational year for Biffa which included increasing revenues by 6.8 and growing Underlying Operating Margins from 6.7 to 7 .5. The Group delivered good organic growth and made a series of earnings enhancing acquisitions. Strong cash management and tight capital controls resulted in yearend Reported Net Debt of 246. 1m less than 1.8 times Underlying EBITDA. We trust that you find this Report to be informative and transparent and we hope to receive your support for both the Directors Remuneration Policy and the Directors Report on Remuneration at our forthcoming AGM. Indeed we are very keen to encourage an open dialogue with our shareholders on executive remuneration. Michael Averill Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 13 June 2017 57 www.biffa.co.uk Corporate Governance Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Element and purpose Policy and operation Maximum Performance measures Executive Directors Base salary The core element of pay reflecting the individuals position within the Company and experience Base salaries will be reviewed as appropriate but typically not more than annually.