 The management team has done a lot of work throughout the year to deepen our understanding of our customers. This is helping us to interact differently and more efficiently with both existing and prospective customers. 1 Based on profit after tax excluding derivatives and Ogden impact. 2 Excluding the oneoff benefit of Acromas tax losses. ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 SAGA PLC 4 Our governance supports our strategic priorities Our governance structure is now embedded within the Group to support growth. Our processes ensure good stewardship as we invest for future growth whilst continuing to pay down debt and enhance longterm returns to shareholders through our progressive dividend policy. All resolutions proposed at our AGM were passed with a significant majority and all directors standing for reelection or election were appointed. We comply with the Corporate Governance Code 2016 the Code recommendation that half of the Board are independent NonExecutive Directors. We conducted our first externally facilitated Board and Committee evaluation exercise and agreed action plans to focus on areas of development. p40 Governance highlights I would like to thank all of our shareholders both institutional and retail for their ongoing support and to welcome those who have joined us during the year including the many new institutional investors on our register. I would also like to thank our employees. Their dedication to customer care people with clear reward and career structures with commitments from us that support them to grow with Saga and enable us to attract high quality talent into our business. We support people who want to learn. Thats why in 2016 we developed our inhouse learning and development calendar to maximise the learning opportunities at Saga. Weve also spent 2016 investing in our leadership and management capabilities by introducing a development course Leading the Saga Way thats focused on embedding a highperforming and highsupport culture in our organisation. Our top 100 leaders are working through this programme and we will soon be extending it to our 400 senior leaders. Building strength across our leadership team is essential for us to sustain our high levels of employee engagement and drive short and longterm business performance. Were passionate about our peoples progression at Saga so weve continued to review talent at all levels every six months. We have also extended our succession pipeline to five to seven years to identify our rising stars as well as training our managers to have honest career conversations and set stretch objectives that support our employees ambitions. We recognise that mobilising talent across Saga is essential in deepening our connection to our customers innovating our products and services and retaining talent within our business. Celebrating success and rewarding exceptional performance is part of our culture and our reward commitments underpin this. We are committed to making our rewards simple and easy to understand rewarding great performance being have the capacity to contribute materially for us in future money health and retirement villages. Money this business is made up of a variety of products credit cards equity release savings loans and wealth management. The team is working on some exciting new products for test in 2017 based on our clear understanding of what our customers want. Healthcare Saga operates a number of brands in the homecare sector where we look after you in your own home. Fastest growing is Saga Healthcare which operates in a trial area around Hertfordshire. During 2017 we will be cautiously expanding the area covered and the number of Saga customers we serve. Retirement villages since 2015 we have worked closely with Wadswick Green in Wiltshire helping them meet Saga customers and explain the benefits of dedicated village living to them. This relationship has been mutually successful and we are now considering expansion deeper into the category. Strategic report Governance Financial statements ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 SAGA PLC 29 Strategic report Group Chief Financial Officers review The strong set of results continues to demonstrate our ability to grow earnings and increase dividends whilst reducing our leverage. I am pleased to report that the Group has delivered another strong financial performance with profit before tax from continuing operations 9.7 higher at 193.3m. Excluding derivatives and the oneoff impact of Ogden rate change profit before tax increased by 5.6. Strong cash flows have enabled us to further deleverage to 1.9x from 2.3x at the start of regulatory and statutory responsibilities. In addition all NonExecutive Directors visit business areas so that they remain close to what Saga does see how strategy works in action and how the discussion in the boardroom translates to the front line of the business including our call centres and cruise ships. The Board of Directors The Board is responsible for and provides the overall direction for management debating what our strategic priorities are and setting Sagas values and standards. A fundamental part of this role is considering the balance of interests between our shareholders our customers our employees and the communities in which we work. We also provide oversight and supervision of Sagas operations ensuring successful implementation of agreed strategy sound planning and competent management a solid system of internal control and risk management adequate accounting and other records and compliance with statutory and regulatory obligations. Our Board The Board has a clearly articulated set of matters which are specifically reserved to it and this is reviewed annually the last review being 20 September 2016. These include Any decision likely to have a material impact on Saga from any perspective including but not limited to financial operational strategic or reputational. The strategic direction of the overall business objectives budgets and forecasts levels of authority to approve expenditure and any material changes to them. The commencement material expansion diversification or cessation of any of Sagas activities. Sagas regulatory financial and material operational policies.