 The world is wrestling with the increasing costs of keeping people well and companies face the commercial challenge of ensuring research and development efforts provide sustainable returns on investment. Strategies to keep healthcare budgets under control include demanding that pharma companies demonstrate how their medicines deliver value renegotiating existing prices downward and boosting the uptake of less expensive alternatives such as generics and biosimilars. At the same time more Chinese capital is being put to work in Western businesses and the influence of innovative home grown companies with global ambitions is on the rise. The number of reviewers for new drug approvals in China is now 600 from just 60 a few years ago with plans to have 1600 within a year. Chinas Food and Drug Administration has ambitions to be as significant as its US European and Japanese counterparts. While the pharma industry is global companies have to maintain intelligence on what is happening locally to ensure optimal market access and tailor their approaches by country and indication. This is particularly acute in the fastgrowing biosimilars space which has seen growing influence from companies based in India South Korea and China. Currently the best selling drugs are monoclonal antibodybased biologics Humira the top selling drug posts sales of more than 18bn but many are about to go off patent opening the door to less expensive biosimilar alternatives. Some leading pharma companies are putting in place defensive strategies to protect their franchises while others see opportunities to who often have less than a handful of assets in their pipeline and are reliant on capital market support. In 2017 the global biotech industry secured more than 70bn from the capital markets. Companies will need access to databases identifying the most promising emerging companies and unpartnered assets while stepping up their own biopartnering capabilities. Pharma is also beginning to wrestle with the potential of artificial intelligence to handle the terabytes of data associated with human healthcare globally. This may mean pharma companies look beyond their usual partners to develop relationships with businesses familiar with handling such data sets. With data likely to be a key differentiator in future healthcare provision do not be surprised to see an increasing presence of IOT giants such as Google Microsoft and Amazon in the sector in the coming years. Mike Ward Head of Pharma Content Business Intelligence Informa brands Insight intelligence In Vivo Scrip Sitetrove Trialtrove Biomedtracker See pharmaintelligence.informa.com for more detail Exhibitions events Arab Health MEDLAB FIME Biotech Showcase Biotech Week Boston Partnerships in Clinical Trials Other Information Services Pharma Consulting CareScrip Awards STRATEGIC REPORT 15 INFORMA PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.INFORMA.COM GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STRATEGIC REPORT OUR MARKETS CONTINUED TMT TELECOMS AT THE TIPPING POINT T he future of telecoms and TV is fast emerging with TV reaching a longawaited tipping point and the rapid adoption of mobile broadband leading to innovation in services. Technology Media and Telecoms TMT companies in the US and around the world are closely watching responding of our programme of activities to ensure the business and supply chain is operated free from modern slavery and human trafficking training on how to spot and report these issues was delivered to around 900 colleagues including senior management working in regions or functions deemed higher risk for encountering such issues. Our full approach can be found in our modern slavery statement on the Informa website. Information has also been provided to colleagues about the new offence of failing to prevent facilitation of tax evasion with targeted training planned for 2018. The Group engages suppliers on a range of different contract and payment terms depending on the product or service they are involved with and the LOCAL COMMUNITY SUPPORT Our support for local communities is promoted across the Group and organised at an office level with each office encouraged to form longterm charitable partnerships linked to their brands and vertical markets and support them through a mix of donations fundraising and volunteering. Every Informa colleague can take up to two days each year to volunteer with a charitable organisation of their choice. Opportunities where colleagues contribute their professional skills are particularly encouraged as a way of lending extra capabilities to the organisation while developing personally. Nearly twice as many colleagues spent time volunteering in 2017 than in 2016 with 9 participating. Walk the World is Informas key annual global charity and engagement initiative when colleagues come together to participate in a common goal walking in their area and raise money of journal content usage in recent years. Book content also has the potential to become more valuable through more granular digitisation with the ability to identify individual chapters and sections relevant to a particular topic. In a world where electronic search is ubiquitous the importance of making content discoverable in this way is likely to increase. Digitisation also creates an opportunity for publishers to better understand customers and anticipate their needs by tracking and analysing usage and consumption. Such analytics can inform commissioning decisions balancing typically supply based editorial models with demandbased evidence. At a time when budgets at many institutions and libraries are relatively flat analytics are also being used to assist customer purchasing decisions and demonstrate value with annual and multiyear packages tailored to content usage. 2018 FOCUS AND POSSIBILITIES The focus for the Academic Publishing Division in 2018 in its first full year under the leadership of Annie Callanan is to maintain a consistent performance in the core Journals and Books businesses while extending and capitalising on the digital publishing initiatives undertaken through GAP. Investment will continue in endtoend digital processes and capabilities that respond to the way knowledge is used and shared today that support increased content use and discoverability generate new analytics and insight and allow the business to explore new areas of innovation and growth such as digital research services. We will continue to offer a range of flexible publishing models.