 Uniquely Wilmington Healthcare now has a complete UK industry presence across both provider payer and the private sector in Pharma and MedTech and other healthcare providers. Executive team To support our exciting growth strategy we have continued to strengthen our executive team with the appointment of a senior executive with particular experience and a successful track record in designing and implementing large scale digital learning initiatives to head up our Professional division. The integration of the Professional division is a priority objective and consequence of project Sixth Gear which will particularly benefit from the key account management common platforms and work flow processes which should in turn reflect in improving margins over the next few years. Pedro Ros Chief Executive Officer 12 September 2017 Strategic Report 17 www.wilmingtonplc.com Stock Code WIL 255704 AR2017 27 September 2017 1058 AM Proof 4 Wilmington plc Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2017 18 Case studies Lead with conviction passion and purpose. Give people wings and let them fly then recognise and reward success while allowing room for error without blame. Aged 21 Nicola Hurley already managed her own graphics studio working primarily for Londonbased print consultancies. In 2006 she was working for Mercia Group a leading provider of training support services to the accountancy profession in the UK and Ireland and when that year Mercia was acquired by Wilmington Nicola was the first nonaccountant to be appointed a Director. In 2014 Nicola was promoted to Managing Director and since has been instrumental in the drive to move the company firmly into the digital era developing and enhancing its online presence on all fronts. Mercia firmly employs technology as an enabler for its clients accountancy businesses ranging in size from sole practitioners to topten firms. Keeping them competitive is as important as future proofing Mercia itself. Wilmingtons core values feature prominently in Nicolas approach to managing her people. They mean everything If you lead by example and embed all four values within your team your business cant help but grow she says. You develop an exciting environment both to work within and to partner with. You become an employer and business partner of choice providing products that clients need and which help their businesses to grow. Nicola is adamant that Wilmingtons values also encourage team members to grow and reach their potential. Give people wings and let them fly is her mantra one that both shapes and exemplifies her leadership style. In 2017 Mercias overriding priority was to complete the integration of SWAT UK Limited one of Wilmingtons 2017 acquisitions. SWATs business largely mirrors Mercias with complementary geographical coverage of the same target market. Nicolas objective is to exploit business opportunities and to realise efficiencies through a unified set of business tools bestinclass processes and a shared innovative culture. We have to become one team selling an extensive portfolio of products that supports our clients through is clear evidence of successful innovation at APM in 2016 it launched APMjob.com an online job board and the companys first non editorial product. APM without innovation is unthinkable says Loc. In fact Im very comfortable with all Wilmingtons core values as they have been guiding my career for many years. My favourite Without doubt its Enabling as its the key to developing our people. APMs subscribers can continue to rely on the company to set the daily news agenda for the European healthcare markets reflecting Locs deep understanding of the business drivers behind APMs financial outcomes. His keen sense of appreciation for his clients requirements will surely continue to drive APMs success or to use his own words Im just doing something I really enjoy and working very hard at it the rest simply follows. Loc Lebrun Managing Director APM International I often say that I am a doer learning how to dream. Challenges give rise to opportunities to think differently and to provide insightful solutions. Growing up in Malaysia Quin quickly learned that girls are not expected to have careers but rather than discouraging her this realisation spurred her to believe ever more strongly in her potential. In the early 1990s backing herself to succeed in a heavily maledominated profession Quin applied for a junior role in PricewaterhouseCoopers audit and businessadvisory division. Selected from hundreds of candidates for one of only twenty positions Quin seized her moment in the sun. I carried as many hardfolder files as my Ten years on I walked into Wilmington headquarters in London and the words Collaborate Innovate Enhance and Enable welcomed me. If felt like coming home. Since then her greatest discovery is that all of us can do something to help even something small and that lives can be transformed as a result. We all have the power to make that one phone call that costs us nothing to lend a helping hand or say a kind word of encouragement. It may go a long long way for that person she reminds colleagues frequently. Quin Thong Managing Director Asia Strategic Report 255704 AR2017 27 September 2017 1058 AM Proof 4 We seek to employ a workforce that reflects both the diversity of our customers and the communities where we have a presence. We do not discriminate on grounds of age sex race ethnicity religion sexual orientation or disability. We strive to provide all our employees opportunities to grow and develop whilst at Wilmington. These opportunities include excellent working conditions access to the latest technology and appropriate training and development to help and encourage our employees to fulfil their potential. Our apprentice and intern programmes have also continued to grow over time across different businesses and key geographical locations developing still further the Groups community and people investment. Wilmington plays an important role in supporting the charity community for example www.charitychoice.co.uk a website which supports charities and raises awareness of their fundraising activities.