 Certain STM Gibraltar regulated entities have been working in a collaborative way with the GFSC on a thirdparty review a Skilled Person Review being carried out under Section 7 of the Financial Services Information Gathering and Cooperation Act 2013 on certain aspects of the various businesses the Report. It is expected that the Report will be finalised by 30 April 2018 and will include recommendations if appropriate. The Group has no appetite for risk in respect of its relationships and dealings with the regulators and we are determined that we will move the Group forward in line with that level of risk appetite. Overall it is very clear that our underlying business continues to perform according to plan demonstrating the quality and predictability of our recurring revenue streams which are key component parts of any robust business model. During the last quarter of 2017 we signed the Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Harbour Pensions Limited. Regulatory approval came through in February 2018 allowing completion to occur. We are now in the process of integrating this business with that of our existing Malta business which once complete we expect to result in a further increase of some 0.4 million profit before tax per annum to the Malta operation. On behalf of the Board and the Company a special thank you goes out to Mike Riddell STMs Chairman for the past three years and Board Member for seven years who is not putting himself forward for reelection having decided that it is time for him to leave his working life behind and enjoy more time with his family. His stewardship in guiding us through the reinvention phase of our recent history has been invaluable and has protected and enhanced shareholder value for all concerned. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STATEMENT ALAN KENTISH Chief Executive Officer I AM PLEASED TO PRESENT THE ANNUAL RESULTS FOR STM GROUP PLC FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017. ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 12 OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW PENSIONS Our pensions businesses have all seen significant changes to their modus operandi following the UK Spring Budget. Total revenue across our pensions businesses amounted to 10.2 million 2016 9.2 million and accounted for 47 of total Group revenue 2016 52. As predicted since the UK Spring Budget our Gibraltar operation has seen almost no new business with regards to ROPS whilst Malta is now only receiving new business from the EEA. Conversely our UK SIPP business has become the focus of new business growth. To put this in context for the nine months following the Budget new business numbers were 217 ROPS 2016 1224 administered by our Malta and Gibraltar offices and 755 SIPPs 2016 162 administered from our UK operations. Malta remains the largest of our three jurisdictions with pension turnover of 6.1 million 2016 6.5 million with share 2016 1.5p. Subject to approval at the Companys Annual General Meeting the final dividend will be paid on 27 June 2018 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 1 June 2018. The ordinary shares will become exdividend on 31 May 2018. OUTLOOK 2017 has demonstrated that STM is flexible and able to take advantage of the opportunities that present themselves whilst managing the challenges that will invariably manifest from time to time. To see 80 of new pensions business literally fall away overnight in March 2017 and still meet original market expectations is testament to that. Expectations are that 2018 new business volumes and client retention rates will remain in line with those of 2017 post the UK Budget. In addition we continue to seek earnings enhancing acquisitions in the ROPS and UK SIPP sector. We are confident in the Groups prospects and that we will deliver trading results in line with our previous management expectations for the new financial year. Furthermore our key deliverable for the current year is to continue to build on our governance framework and to place more reliance on IT efficiencies. Our medium term strategy continues to move forward with an emphasis on improving profit margins as well as looking to diversify our product range both within the expatriate as well as UK market. In turn this will allow us to expand our intermediary base all of which continues to reenforce the robustness of the business model. I would like Innovative product development Loyal intermediary base REPUTATIONAL RISK A circumstance could arise which would adversely impact on the Groups reputation including adverse publicity from the activities of legislators pressure groups and the media. Subsidiary Board review of regulatory and business changes Ensure high level of compliance in product and service delivery Ensure customer focus is the main determinant in decision making and not share price or short term earnings Complaints are closely monitored Retained financial PR and media relations consultancy to provide ongoing support and media contact REGULATORY RISK Loss arising from regulatory changes in the markets within which the Group operates or breach of existing laws and regulation. Subsidiary Boards with experience in regulated businesses Dedicated compliance functions Completion of an annual compliance monitoring plan Head of Enterprise Risk Management monitors legislative changes and supports jurisdictional compliance functions as required Expert thirdparty legal and or compliance advice is sought where necessary All companies comply with the respective jurisdictions solvency capital requirements KEY PERSONNEL The Group could be adversely affected if there was a loss of key personnel or an inability to recruit individual with the appropriate skills set.