 We look for exceptional people with the right attitude. 6500 applications 98 employee satisfaction We employ bright highly motivated people who care about the organisation they work for. They deliver for customers year after year. Our people Markets and offering Vendor partnerships Customer relationships WHAT SETS US APART See pages 12 to 19 to read more 13.0 2016 12.2 10.5 2016 9.9 Strategic report 6 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our strategy WE HAVE A SIMPLE FORMULA FOR GROWTH Business can be complicated we strive to make it less so. OUR GOAL To be the leading IT infrastructure provider in terms of employee engagement customer satisfaction and shareholder return. DEVELOP OFFERING BUILD SCALE WIN NEW CUSTOMERS In 2017 customer numbers grew organically for the tenth year in succession but we still only serve around one in five from our target markets. Our ability to develop new capabilities and quickly form strong relationships with innovative vendors is second to none. An expanding branch network growing recruitment capacity and flourishing service capability position us well for sustainable growth. SELL MORE TO EXISTING CUSTOMERS The opportunity to help customers with an increasing range of technology choices has never been greater. OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Overall how would you describe the performance of the Company last year I think we had a very satisfactory financial year 2017 and I am pleased a good opportunity for us moving forward. General security risks continue to grow in complexity and frequency and are now a major boardroom priority highlighted by high profile events like the WannaCry attacks. Softcat was particularly proactive in advising and assisting customers on these types of threats. We have invested significantly in our own services capability and we continue to work with a number of third party organisations to complement our internal offering. Particularly in areas such as hybrid cloud migration and mobility in many cases customers are looking to Softcat to provide a complete solution rather than trying to stitch various technology components together themselves. We completed a large number of projects in these areas using tried and tested expertise and templates. OUR COMPANY WORD OF THE YEAR FOR 2018 IS OPPORTUNITY Chief Executives statement Im delighted by how the Company has performed in 2017 and our momentum into the new financial year is strong. QA with Martin Hellawell Chief Executive Strategic report 7 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executives statement continued Y ou have six branches now how did they each perform Yes thats right we have branches in Marlow London Manchester Leeds Glasgow and Bristol but have also recently announced that we intend to open a seventh location on the South Coast in the first half of this new financial year. All existing branches met expectations and achieved positive growth. For me the standout performers were Manchester and London. We very much enjoyed our and security Windows 10 and multiform factor devices Firewalls Analytics Visualisation Object and cloud storage Datacentre and cloud Networking and security Workplace technology Machinelearningbased endpoint protection Encryption Security event and information management CLOUD AND THE DISTRIBUTED DATACENTRE MOBILITY AND ENDUSER COMPUTING SECURITY IN AN OPEN AND CONNECTED WORLD DATA WHAT WHERE AND HOW TO MAKE SENSE OF IT Public sector Central government Midmarket Service providers SMB Enterprise Lower enterprise Micromarket 15 1. Source Company information and CRN Top 100 VARS 2016. The requirement for technology is stronger than ever. All organisations continue to need to procure IT whether physically or virtually on premises or in the cloud. Customers need help to manage the complexities of dealing with multiple technology suppliers and vendors do not have the reach or relationships to sell directly to customers. Softcat UK market share c.6.5 1 Strong performance with growth continuing to outstrip the sector. WERE ON IT Our offerings are delivered to ... SERVICES Cloud adoption services Backup and disaster recovery as a service Cloud connectivity and security Workplace strategy services Office 365 migration Security assessment services Data assessment services Strategic report MAKING THE RIGHT CONNECTIONS Our vendor partnerships Our aim is to be the most effective reseller to work with and we are privileged to enjoy outstanding relationships with our vendor partners. What sets us apart continued Cylance and Softcat share a mission to cut through the noise and confusion of the security landscape delivering innovative and highly effective technologies that truly protect customers at year end relating to this transaction. OPPORTUNITY AHEAD ... Our theme for 201718 is all about the opportUNITY ahead and how we can continue this going into the upcoming year. We look forward to seeing you then COMPANY INFORMATION AND CONTACT DETAILS Company number 02174990 Registered office Softcat plc Solar House Fieldhouse Lane Marlow Buckinghamshire SL7 1LW United Kingdom Tel 01628 403 403 Website www.softcat.com Directors Brian Wallace Chairman Martin Hellawell CEO Graham Charlton CFO Lee Ginsberg SID Peter Ventress Independent NED Vin Murria Independent NED Company Secretary Winifred Chime Investor relations contact investorssoftcat.com Registrar Capita Asset Services The Registry 34 Beckenham Road Beckenham Kent BR3 4TU United Kingdom shareholderenquiriescapita.co.uk Tel 0371 664 0300 Calls cost 12p per minute plus your phone companys access charge. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9.0017.30 Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. Corporate advisers Auditor Ernst Young LLP 1 More London Place London SE1 2AF Joint corporate broker Jefferies International 68 Upper Thames Street London EC4V 3BJ Credit Suisse International 17 Columbus Courtyard London E14 4DA Legal advisers Ashurst LLP Broadwalk House 5 Appold Street London EC2A 2HA Printed by Park Communications on FSC certified paper. Park is an EMAS certified company and its Environmental Management System is certified to ISO 14001.