70p giving a total dividend for the year of 43.25p an increase of 3 yearonyear. The final dividend will be paid on 17 November to shareholders registered at close of business on 20 October. The ex dividend date is 19 October. Weve made good progress on our journey to establishing Smiths as one of the worlds leading technology companies over the past year and Id like to sincerely thank my 22000 colleagues around the world for their dedication contribution and absolute professionalism. I look forward to reporting further progress in the coming months. ANDY REYNOLDS SMITH CHIEF EXECUTIVE Technology is moving faster than ever before and were committed to being at the cutting edge. Its essential that were technology leaders defining new ways to bring value to our customers and developing new business models for the future. Developing a culture of innovation with an ecosystem to drive faster development and commercialisation of new products is crucial to our success today and tomorrow. Our Groupwide innovation framework i 3 will consistently drive increased smarter investment in RD and convert it into sales more quickly. I believe that it will differentiate us in our markets make our customers happier and make us sustainable. We have already increased our RD spend to 4.6 of revenue and created a central Innovation Fund to build digital and other disruptive technology capabilities such as 3D printing and nano technology and create critical mass where individual divisional efforts would be S TH AT A RE V ITA L TO PATIENT CA RE GLOBA LLY PRINCIPAL OPERATING REGIONS We sell our products in over 120 countries with operations in over 30 with manufacturing in North America Europe and Asia. COMPETITORS Our competitors range from large multinational medical device manufacturers such as Medtronic Becton Dickinson Baxter and B. Braun through to small singleproduct companies. CUSTOMERS Threequarters of our revenue is derived from hospitals while the remainder comes from surgery centres clinics home care providers and products sold to other OEMs. SUPPLIERS Assured supply of quality products is critical in the industry. We work with our supply chain to reduce costs improve delivery performance and ensure high quality standards and continuity of supply. REVENUE BY SECTOR REVENUE PERFORMANCE M 951M Smiths Group plc Annual Report 2017 37 STRA TEGIC REPORT REVENUE IN 2017 DOWN 3 1 951M HEADLINE OPERATING PROFIT UP 8 1 209M DID YOU KNOW ... We pioneered safety devices including the first safety peripheral IV catheter and port for delivering chemotherapy. Smiths Medicals portfolio incorporates established brands and strong positions in select segments of the Infusion Systems Vascular Access and Vital Care markets. A combination of capital equipment and consumables as well as growing software and service offerings provides diversity within our portfolio and continuous access to customers. Markets and trends The medical device industry remains very attractive. The global market we serve is estimated to be 6bn and growing at about 3 annually with longterm trends such as a address a variety of threats as governments become increasingly concerned about the smuggling of explosives weapons and radiological materials while continuing to recognise the strong revenuegenerating potential from contraband detection. The urban security market is large but fragmented and unregulated. Growth in demand continues as public and private sector organisations seek to provide better protection for their assets and staff in response to a wide and everincreasing range of threats. Global demand for chemical warfare agent detection equipment and other threatspecific sensors required by the military is forecast to grow steadily in our key NATOoriented markets. GROWTH DRIVERS Persistent and evolving terror threats Changing security regulations for air cargo and passengers Equipment replacement cycle typically 710 years Softwaredriven solutions providing functionality networking and systems integration Growth of security infrastructure in emerging markets COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS A market leader with a strengthened global position following the Morpho acquisition Operate in several regulated markets requiring product certification Technologies leveraged across many markets and applications Growing aftermarket revenues 39 of total STATUTORY OPERATING PROFIT 70M HEADLINE OPERATING MARGIN 15.0 Smiths Group plc Annual Report 2017 42 S MITH S D E TEC TI O N C O N T I N U E D ADVANCING TRANSPORT SECURI T Y Airports airlines and authorities around the world trust our deep expertise in designing and servicing integrated detection solutions. In the past twelve months we have secured orders for hold baggage screening Explosives Detection Systems EDS worth over 80 million from airports in the Americas Middle products can be challenging. Our medical portfolio includes high reliability enhanced signal integrity performance connectors for applications requiring higher bandwidth and data rates including advanced imaging augmented reality and surgical robotics. A growing ageing population and the rise in chronic diseases continue to drive growth for the global medical market especially in China and India. Consumers demand improved accuracy efficiency and cost effectiveness in healthcare services meaning aligning our technologies with the costcontrol mindset of this market is a key consideration. We provide test sockets probe heads and cable assembly solutions for semiconductor testing applications. The high rate of technology refresh increased functionality and greater connectivity requirements of electronic devices are key drivers for this market. GROWTH DRIVERS Growth in high data rate applications Continued proliferation of electronics Demand for greater connectivity and mobility Increasing sophistication of customer needs in highgrowth markets Increasing geopolitical uncertainty COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS Innovative and technically differentiated offerings Ultrahigh reliability solutions used in demanding applications Customer intimacy responsiveness and product customisation Global presence reach and support STATUTORY OPERATING PROFIT 124M HEADLINE OPERATING MARGIN 13.4 Smiths Group plc Annual Report 2017 46 S MI T H S IN T E R C O NNEC T C O N T I N U E D INVESTMENT IN NEW PRODUCT D E V EL O P M EN T UP 7 28M DID YOU KNOW ...