 Based on the movement of employees one female left the Company on a net basis. The Company is currently reviewing in particular the number of senior women managers with an aim to increase numbers if justified. The Company currently does adopt high standards in diversity and is dedicated to encouraging a supportive and inclusive culture amongst the whole workforce this now needs to be formally put in place. The aim is to ensure that all employees and job applicants are given equal opportunity and that our organisation is representative of all sections of society. Each employee will be respected and valued and able to give their best as a result. This policy reinforces our commitment to providing equality and fairness to all in our employment and not provide less favourable facilities or treatment on the grounds of age disability gender reassignment marriage and civil partnership pregnancy and maternity race ethnic origin colour nationality national origin religion or belief or sex and sexual orientation. We are opposed to all forms of unlawful and unfair discrimination. All employees no matter whether they are parttime fulltime or temporary will be treated fairly and with respect. The Company will enforce current work practice and work within the spirit of the law. When selecting candidates for employment promotion training or any other benefit it will be on the basis of their aptitude and ability. The policy will aim to create an environment in which individual differences and the contributions of all team members are recognised and valued. To create a working environment that promotes dignity and respect for every employee. To not tolerate any form of intimidation bullying or harassment and to discipline those that breach this policy. To make training development and progression opportunities available to all staff. To promote equality in the workplace. To encourage anyone who feels they have been subject to discrimination to raise their concerns so we can apply corrective measures. To encourage employees to treat everyone with dignity and respect. To regularly review all our employment practices and procedures so that fairness is maintained at all times. Employee involvement Members of the management team regularly visit subsidiaries and discuss matters of current interest and concern with members of staff. Gender diversity Male Female Total 2017 523 106 629 2016 523 107 630 The table above shows the staff employment by gender. The Company places a great deal of emphasis on gender equality and diversity. At present there are 17 women in senior management positions 2016 23 male senior managers in 2017 were 14 2016 35 as last year no women Directors to 6 male Directors 2017 6 other employees female 89 84 male 503 2016 482. Environment During 2017 each of the Companys facilities was environmentally monitored on a quarterly basis by accredited outsourced companies. This included the following checks Checks African Resources Limited to convert the balance of the principal and interest due into ordinary shares of the Company once the necessary administrative procedures have been completed. US2m convertible bond In 2016 the Company entered into US2m convertible loan with institutional investors. The loan bears a coupon of 10 per annum payable semiannually and is due for repayment in 2021. The Notes can be converted into Ordinary Shares of the Company at a price of 2.15p per share any time prior to maturity. The exchange rate of US1.466 for 1 shall be used to determine the number of conversion shares. The potential number of shares to be issued is 136372093. The conversion option meets the fixedforfixed criteria and therefore has been classified as equity instrument in the other reserves. On initial recognition Management have assessed the value of the contractual cash flows discounted at the interest rate of 15 being the market interest rate for the similar instruments without a conversion feature. The value of liability component was determined to be US1.8m 2016 US1.7m with the remaining balance of 0.3m allocated to the residual equity component. The balance includes US27000 2016 US27000 accrued interest payable. Other Loans Other loans comprise amounts that were received from Amrita Investments Limited see details in note 20 and an amount received from a third party amounting to US724000 for short term financing requirements no interest is payable on this amount. 53 Altyn plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Strategic report Financial statements 23 Deferred taxation is 18 months after the date on which this resolution is passed or if earlier the date of the next annual general meeting of the Company to allot equity securities for cash without first offering them on a prorata basis to existing shareholders but only up to a maximum nominal amount of 233434.21 representing approximately 10 of the Companys issued ordinary share capital on 26 April 2018 being the latest practicable date before the date of this document. In addition the resolution empowers the Directors to deal with fractional entitlements and any practical problems arising in any overseas territory on any offer made on a prorata basis. The Directors consider that it is appropriate for this authority and these powers to be granted to preserve maximum flexibility for the future. 65 Altyn plc Annual Report 2017 COMPANY INFORMATION Directors Kanat Assaubayev Chairman Aidar Assaubayev Chief Executive Officer Sanzhar Assaubayev Executive Director Ashar Qureshi NonExecutive Director Neil Herbert NonExecutive Director Victor Scholnik NonExecutive Director Secretary Rajinder Basra FCA Registered office and number Company number 5048549 28 Eccleston Square London SW1V 1NZ Telephone 44 208 932 2455 Web www.altyn.