 This valuable data can be utilised to minimise truck down time extend tyre life and improve safety. Crucially it can also be used to increase mine productivity by identifying opportunities to optimise routings loadings and even road architecture. During earlier stages of commercialisation we were met with resistance to financing the outright purchase of equipment by mine operators under severely constrained capital budgets during what has been a cyclically challenging few years for the industry. Accordingly we are now offering implementation of iTrack II on an operating lease financing model which enables users to generate additional revenues and save costs against which they are able to meet the ongoing operating costs associated with using the system at a net gain. During the launch and market engagement phase we have focused most of our attention on our more developed markets in Chile Australia and Southern Africa in which we have highly effective teams and channel partners. We have also begun to increase resources in additional territories such as the US Canada and other countries in the Latin America region during the year. Results have been very encouraging with several mine operators running successful trials and choosing to adopt iTrack II toward the end of the financial year. The gestation period for widespread adoption and the lead time to translate positive trial payment of dividends from income or return of capital to shareholders from major licensing transactions or partial disposals from profits arising in future. Additionally the ordinary share capital was subject to a 501 consolidation to mitigate the effect of prior dilutions on the unit price per share and to reduce trading spreads and transaction costs for shareholders in future dealings. Prospects The Board believes that the technology and products developed by the Group are now well positioned in their marketplaces. It anticipates that the market traction demonstrated to date will continue to build and is accordingly cautiously optimistic of future prospects. David M Ford Group Chairman 25 September 2017 Transense Technologies plc Annual report and financial statements For the year ended 30 June 2017 8 Chief Executives report Towards the latter part of this breakthrough year the Group has commenced generating commercial revenues from products and services that are well placed to offer unique solutions over a sustained period of competitive advantage in the future. SAWSense SAWSense is a leader in the development of Surface Acoustic Wave SAW wireless batteryless sensor systems that offer significant advantages over legacy systems in common use. The business continues to be involved in several live projects in conjunction with major global industrial companies. In the short to medium term the primary source of ongoing revenue is dependent upon the level of customer chargeable engineering activity and royalties which was 0.29m in 2017 2016 0.42m. In the prior year pilot production had commenced of sensor transmission technology which we believe offers unparalleled features and benefits to mine operators across the world. We set out to maximise functionality and connectivity in a single comprehensive system comprising rugged and reliable hardware connectivity with other technologies and meaningful realtime output. The control unit is mounted in each truck and transmits live data across various protocols to iTrack servers at one of three global control centres. Dedicated iTrack experts are on hand to analyse live and historic data determine trends and create custom reports and warnings. Mine operations will have access to tyre temperature pressure sensor function GPS and speed data on easy to read customisable screens. This data can provide invaluable signals not only to avoid tyre failures and increase life but also to increase truck speeds availability and productivity. Our offer provides the equipment on finance or operating lease although our preference will be towards operating leases with additional charges for data provision and monitoring. Transense Technologies plc Annual report and financial statements For the year ended 30 June 2017 9 Chief Executives report continued The market response to launch has been very encouraging and we have subsequently generated live trials on 14 sites covering 3 continentsterritories. Trials have generally been successful and whilst the rate of adoption meets our high expectations the trial duration and lead times to roll out and revenue generation are often extended by understandable bureaucratic and operational delays. Probe During the year several multinational tyre manufacturers have commenced the implementation of new greater efficiencies in mining and in turn produce substantial cost savings for mine ownersoperators. The original iTrack is now being replaced by iTrack II which will build further on the achievement of both meaningful savings and crucial data which in turn will drive demand for the product. Debtor Recoverability The Group has 59k 2016 383k of debtors that are payable greater than 12 months. The risk of default whilst small would still have an impact on our future results. The longterm debt has been diligently managed by the finance department and as a result they remain up to date. Transense Technologies plc Annual report and financial statements For the year ended 30 June 2017 14 Strategic Report continued Principal risks and uncertainties continued Risk and Uncertainty Details of Risk Impact Mitigation Liquidity Transense is continually striving to achieve the point of consistent profitability and cash generation however until that point in time is reached the Group will be exposed to squeezes in liquidity. The new iTrack 2 has required a great deal of development costs and future new business will require working capital to fund the approximate 7 month cash flow negativity resulting from the rental model. The failure to raise additional funds for working capital if required would threaten the going concern status of Transense. During the course of FY 17 the cash resources have decreased by 1.13m.