 It did so in mid 201 7 after taking decisive action to capitalise on its achievements at ENVIA. The Company has strengthened its Executive Committee and adapted its organisational structure as it continues to build a strong team that has the longterm aim of delivering repeatable biorefineries. Dr. Pierre Jungels CBE Chairman Introduction 2017 has been a year of considerable change for Velocys as it has pivoted from being purely a technology licensor to setting the foundations for future profit delivery as a renewable fuels company. After many years of concerted effort encompassing RD engineering project management and relationship building the first commercial scale plant using Velocys technology is in operation in Oklahoma City. Velocys has also advanced its new strategy for commercialising its technology in 2017 the Company made considerable progress driving forward the development of its first biorefinery using woody biomass as feedstock. Notwithstanding the progress made throughout 2017 given the particular circumstances of the business financial position at year end the Company decided to make a significant impairment against a range of primarily intangible assets. Strategy and market The creation of a worldleading technology that is operating at commercial scale has been a significant achievement. But now as well as seeking opportunities to license its technology Velocys is focused on its commercialisation through the delivery with its partners of repeatable biorefineries to become a producer of significant volumes of cellulosic renewable fuels. We will remember 2017 as the year Velocys transitioned from technology development to support plan to achieve final investment decision for the Mississippi biorefinery. Partnership formed to develop UK wastetorenewable jet fuel project. Significant impairment made against a range of primarily intangible assets. David Pummell Chief Executive Officer Introduction 2017 was a challenging year for Velocys but despite this the Company has made significant progress towards developing what we expect will be the first of a number of repeatable biorefineries. Our strategy is for Velocys to be at the heart of building plants that convert forestry residues into renewable fuels for the US market. Considerable headway has been made on the interrelated work streams required to progress the US Department of Agriculture USDA loan guarantee programme including the delivery of the FEL 2 engineering study and securing a 100acre site in Natchez Mississippi. The performance milestones the Velocys Fischer Tropsch FT system reached at a commercial scale at ENVIA during 2017 and the first part of 2018 were crucial milestones on the way to delivering our future biorefineries. None of this would be possible without the efforts of our talented energetic team that has stepped up to the challenges we have faced with great determination skill and prior experience. I particularly thank them for their professionalism during the internal restructuring process undertaken in the summer of 2017. Strategy implementation With the ENVIA biorefinery in operation the Company has the required commercial and technology springboard from which it aims to deliver its bold longterm vision to place Velocys at the forefront of production of that equity remains the preferred structure to support the business as a going concern in the near term but will keep this under review. Velocys continues to take measures to preserve cash in order to protect against unforeseen events. Exchange rates As the Company operates in US dollars and pounds sterling it may be impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates. Based on regularly updated cash flow forecasts the required currency mix is identified and foreign exchange contracts taken out accordingly. A number of brokers are used to give a balanced market view. Financial risks are expanded upon in note 25. Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by David Pummell Chief Executive Officer 22 May 2018 Business influences 1. Technical expertise 2. ENVIA our commercial springboard 3. Development of biorefineries 4. Focus market 26 Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 www.velocys.com Introduction Companies whose securities are traded on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange are not required to comply with the principles and provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2016 Code. For example the Company does not comply with FCA Listing Rule 9.8.6R which includes the comply or explain requirement FCA Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules DTR Section 7 .2 which set out certain mandatory disclosures Competition and Markets Authoritys Final Order 1 for UK incorporated FTSE 350 companies only. However the Board has determined that Velocys should maintain high standards of corporate governance and whilst not complying fully with the Code including the methods used to monitor and control them. In addition to financial risk the review covers operational commercial regulatory and health and safety risks. The risk review is an ongoing process with reviews being undertaken on a regular basis. The key procedures designed to provide an effective system of internal controls that are operating up to the date of signoff of this report are set out below. Control environment There is an organisational structure with clearly defined lines of responsibility and delegation of accountability and authority. Disposal of assets As part of the closure of the Milton Park site a large number of assets were taken out of the business. A comprehensive survey was undertaken of all fixed assets lower value assets spares and inventory parts at the site. Management signed off on the process for disposal of these assets and the process was carefully documented. Assets that could be sold were targeted at potential end users dealers clearance agents and scrap merchants. A price covering the carrying net book value of each asset was targeted. All sales were invoiced. Risk management The Company employs directors and senior personnel with the appropriate knowledge and experience for a business active in its field of operations and undertakes regular risk assessments and reviews of its activities.