7 million resulting in the Group increasing its holding in Energean Israel to 70 X Awarded TechnipFMC an integrated Engineering Procurement Construction and Installation contract for the Karish full field development covering the design and installation of the complete subsea system Floating Production Storage and Offloading unit FPSO designed to allow the subsequent tie back of Tanin field the pipeline system and the onshore pipeline and valve station at the receiving station X Appointed Stena Drilling to commence a three development well drilling programme in 2019 X Signed extension to the BP Offtake Agreement from July 2021 to November 2025 X Successfully completed the c4km extended reach well in Prinos North field ahead of schedule in late March. The well is currently producing approximately 1000bpd on a 41 choke X Production averaged 3673 bopd in Q1 2018 an increase of 31.6 yearonyear Q1 2017 2790 bopd and 7.9 quarteronquarter Q4 2017 3405 bopd X Progressed plans for a secondary listing on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange in Israel on which the Group will be filing an application in the near future Strategic report Other information Financial statements Corporate governance Energean Oil Gas plc Annual 1.8 Tcf of natural gas and 143.9 MMbbls of liquids. While the Eastern Adriatic remains substantially underexplored Western offshore Adriatic has been a prolific hydrocarbon producing province for over 50 years for both oil and gas. We believe Montenegro has significant exploration potential for future oil and gas discoveries and the entry of ENI into the four blocks neighbouring those held by Energean with significant exploration commitments is an indication of the areas potential. We plan to begin the 3D seismic acquisition at the end of this year to be completed in the first half of 2019. In November 2017 Energean Israel participated in Israels First Offshore Bid Round and in December was awarded five licences for blocks 12 21 22 23 and 31. The award of these exploration licences adjacent to our Karish and Tanin project further bolsters our exploration portfolio and longterm value potential in the region. Block 12 is on trend with the Karish and Tanin discoveries presenting an opportunity for lowrisk exploration which could be developed via a tie back to the FPSO. 4 Maintaining a disciplined financial framework We have successfully maintained a conservative balance sheet throughout the commodity downcycle through careful management of working capital and low levels of bank debt. We aim to preserve our balance sheet flexibility alongside disciplined capital deployment backed by strong cash flow from our producing assets. As our track record demonstrates Energean continually assesses ways to create further sustainable value and act upon value accretive opportunities. We have be recognised. Resources were also recognised on the 1990s Delta discovery that sits below the partly developed Prinos North satellite. A proposal for an extended reach well from the Prinos platform has been prepared. In Western Greece Energean successfully farmed out 60 of our interest and operatorship for our Ioannina and Aitoloakarnania Blocks onshore Western Greece to Repsol in September 2017 who will carry 90 of the gross exploration costs up to US49.9 million. Montenegro In March 2017 Energean signed a concession contract to explore blocks 26 and 30 offshore Montenegro which hold best estimate unrisked resources of 1.8 Tcf natural gas and 143.9 MMbbls of liquids. 1 We established an office in Montenegro and commenced work to allow a 3D seismic survey to be performed in 2018. Environmental baseline studies have been completed and an Environmental Impact Assessment is in preparation. Egypt In 2017 the Group drilled just one exploration well in the West Kom Ombo licence in Egypt. This proved to be a dry hole and the licence was subsequently relinquished. 1 Based on NSAI Ionnina and Montenegro CPR October 2017 Review of operations continued Karish and Tanin In Israel we made major steps forward in the development of the Karish and Tanin gas fields acquired from Delek Energy in 2016. Engineering work commenced in January 2017 and ran through the entire year. Feasibility work completed during 2016 demonstrated the attractiveness of developing the project through an FPSO located at the Karish field. This approach removes the need lenders including the Black Sea Trade and Development Bank Banca Comerciala Intesa Sanpaolo Romania S.A. and the ExportImport Bank of Romania Eximbank SA. The tenor of the loan was extended to 2024 with first repayment in Q2 2020. The Group continued its prudent and cautious exploration expenditure and commitment strategy underpinned by key commercial agreements and strategic decisions X Farmout of a 60 interest in the Ioannina and Aitolokarnania licences to Repsol for a consideration of US1.0 million in cash and a carry of 90 of the first exploration phase costs up to a preagreed maximum of US49.9 million. X Signed an exploration and production concession contract with the State of Montenegro covering offshore blocks 4219 26 and 421830 for work commitment amount 3.0 million X Awarded five exploration licences for blocks 12 21 22 23 and 31 offshore Israel near to the existing Karish and Tanin fields X Received approval for the Field Development Plan of the Katakolo field in Western Greece from Hellenic Hydrocarbons Resources Management X Relinquishment of West Kom Ombo licence in Egypt and recognition of impairment of US9.3 million. Energean funded its operations and activities in 2017 by a combination of X Operating Cash Flow of US29.1 million generated from the Prinos and Prinos North fields X Kerogen Capital committed funds of US20 million for the Karish Tanin preFID work X Available funds of US33 million from the EBRD committed facilities to fund our operations in Greece.