 These characteristics distinguish Shepherd Neame and give it its unique personality. It is this personality that is the differentiator to build customer loyalty where quality and value for money are taken for granted. All operators in the sector face significant cost inflation through increasing business rates the national living wage and the apprenticeship levy. The fall in the value of sterling following the EU referendum has compounded these challenges and is driving up prices in food and other imported products such as wine. We will continue to focus on enhancing the customer experience raising standards across our business and driving efficiencies as appropriate to mitigate this cost and to take advantage of the opportunities that are presented. Tenanted and Managed Pub Operations Overview At the yearend we operated 327 pubs and hotels 2016 328 of which 285 are freehold 2016 285. Of our total pubs 66 2016 54 were managed and 253 2016 267 were tenanted or leased and eight 2016 seven operated under commercial free of tie leases. Our investment focus is to improve the quality of our core business and to seek highquality singlesite acquisition opportunities within our heartland if they improve the overall business or reach new markets. We will pursue suitable opportunities outside our historic trading area and are alive to opportunities to acquire small groups of pubs that meet our requirements as evidenced by recent pub purchases. We are seeking to acquire sites with unique character in landmark or highfootfall locations preferably with the potential for further development. During the last five years we have acquired 22 pubs and disposed of 49. As a consequence of this and investments in the core estate the profile and quality of our pub estate have been transformed and since 2012 the average EBITDAR per managed pub has increased by 30.5 and per tenanted pub by 25.4. This has been a year of record investments with total cash invested in new pub acquisitions of 24.8m 2016 3.3m in three separate transactions during the year. First at the start of the financial year we announced an acquisition of eight freehold pubs in Kent Surrey and Sussex from Ei Group plc. All these pubs continue to be operated by their existing licensees except the Crown and Anchor Shoreham by Sea which has transferred to the managed estate and Earls Maidstone which will transfer in the coming year. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Good progress in all areas of the business and a strong underlying performance. JONATHAN NEAME Chief Executive Tracker for sales trends for pub bar and restaurant groups. StrategicReport Governance Financial Statements Other Information 11 www.shepherdneame.co.uk 10 Shepherd Neame annual report and accounts 2017 Simultaneously we acquired UES and transferred the five pubs operated under tenancy by UES to the managed estate. We invested 12.9m in these two transactions in the year. Third at the end of November 2016 we acquired VGR for 11.9m. VGR operated five very successful freehold pub restaurants in and around Maidstone and Ashford in the brewing and brands business producing great beers StrategicReport Governance Financial Statements Other Information 15 www.shepherdneame.co.uk 14 Shepherd Neame annual report and accounts 2017 on an upgraded infrastructure and creating strong brands that positions the business well for future opportunities. Creating demand and building awareness for our brands We aim to create demand and build awareness for our brands by developing a range of distinctive beers by instilling a passion for quality and by having a great engagement with our customers. The brewhouse investment and renovation works have driven greater efficiency and ever higher standards of quality in our beers. The marketing team have had a busy year as they have developed a very compelling and exciting new portfolio including the introduction of Cinque Five Grain Premium Lager and Orchard View a cider made in collaboration with Aspall. The new brand identity has been well received by consumers and we received an award for it at the prestigious Mobius Awards. Our products receive many plaudits and we won three gold medals at the British Bottlers Institute Awards and one gold at the International Brewing Awards. The Whitstable Bay Collection continues to enjoy great success with increasing distribution and brand awareness. Whitstable Bay Red IPA was added to the range this year. Spitfire Gold and Spitfire Lager The Lager of Britain were new extensions to the Spitfire brand last year and have performed above expectations. We have continued to support a variety of local and customer events such as the Battle of Medway 350th Anniversary commemoration through sponsorship and marketing activity. To raise awareness of our new brands we opened a popup shop at Bluewater for the first time with considerable success. The store was named Store of the Week by Retail Week. Brewing and Brands Performance Divisional turnover for the year was 4.4 at 59.8m 2016 57.3m. Own beer volume excluding contract was 216000 barrels 2016 208000 barrels and grew by 3.9 2016 0.3. Divisional underlying operating profit was 1.6m 2016 restated 1.6m after having absorbed incremental costs of water recovery of 0.3m which we are working to mitigate now that the operation is maturing. Investment Property The Company owns 6.8m of investment property revalued at June 2017. The principal land holding is the residual land at Queen Court Ospringe. In 2016 10 acres of this holding were disposed of with planning permission for residential development. During 2017 the Company promoted two further sites in the local plan that we consider suitable for housing. These are complex and expensive sites to develop and both have been rejected at this stage but we will revisit in due course should circumstances change. The rest of the land holdings will be held as agricultural farm land for the long term. The Company reviews all of its property holdings on a regular basis. Current Trading Since the start of the new financial year we have made steady progress albeit with colder and unsettled weather compared to 2016.