 Many are musicians audio engineers DJs and producers that use our products in realworld environments every week bringing to work that same drive to push the boundaries of musical creativity and modern day audio production. Our employee footprint continues to expand in our High Wycombe London Los Angeles and Hong Kong offices as well as with remote employees all over the globe. 23 Group revenue 13 Group revenue Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 03 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Our divisions Focusrite Originally the Focusrite division sold large studio consoles. Since that starting point 28 years ago the division has evolved to provide a spectrum of highly advanced technologically driven products. These range from recording equipment for hobbyists all the way to audio networking systems for large organisations such as NBC and Microsoft. Importantly the Focusrite name has always meant legendary topofthe range sound quality. Through product innovation we now offer the best value to a wide range of different market segments. As a result weve become the number one producer of audio interfaces in the world. Novation Novation a brand well known for synthesisers was acquired by Focusrite in 2004 Novation now represents about a third of our revenue. Making new instruments and software for electronic music the fastestgrowing music creation segment Novation is disrupting how music is made with its grid controllers iOS software and new those whose recordings are more likely to have commercial potential. Phil Dudderidge Founder and Executive Chairman Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 05 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Our Novation brand of musical instruments comprising synthesisers keyboard controllers and the Launchpad grid controller family enjoyed a 37.8 uplift in demand compared with a flat 2016. A new flagship synthesiser Peak was launched to much acclaim. Focusrite continues to build demand for products designed for a professional audience and business enterprises namely the RedNet and Red ranges. A Focusrite Pro team has been formed to develop the professional and commercial sales channels as well as bringing better focus to product development and marketing to these specialist vertical markets that include broadcast post production education and entertainment facilities. This market segment is seen as an exciting growth opportunity where our investment in this segment over recent years is expected to pay off handsomely. I am delighted Focusrite Plc has delivered another strong year of growth. Our foundations as a company that has a history at the leading edge of music technology innovation with an established global customer base for its marketleading brands and a strong culture make us well placed for further growth. The Company has no debt continues to be highly cashgenerative and continues to consider acquisition opportunities that would complement the existing business. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees manufacturing partners distribution partners and professional advisers for their contributions to our success. Phil Dudderidge Founder and were downloaded 2.7 million times with around 700000 inapp customer transactions. Our manufacturing partners are located in South China and we use thirdparty logistics support. We employ around 190 people in the UK USA Germany and Hong Kong. This is a business of considerable scale with scope for further growth and our market position products people and customer base are the envy of many in the industry. The market The global audio production market continues to grow and we believe we remain well poised to increase our market share with existing products and also to exploit opportunities to expand into adjacent product categories that would make commercial sense and are a strategic fit for our existing business. This can be done organically and when it makes commercial and economic sense by acquisition. For many personal and professional audio recording customers Focusrite technology and solutions are a cornerstone of their setups and creative workflows. We know that puts Tim Carroll Chief Executive Officer Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 09 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements us in a unique position to expand our offerings and participate in more of the economic value chain. Alongside that we recognise the opportunity to continue to make audio recording technology easier to use and more accessible to a larger addressable market. Operating review This year has seen further operational progress and this has translated into financial success with careful management of our cost base and a focus on cash generation. Revenues grew by 21.6 to 66.1 the industry. Our commercial and proaudio range led by RedNet is gaining momentum as applications for its use and potential customers grow especially in post production education and broadcast markets. This year we have witnessed some of the top production facilities in the world transition their entire infrastructure to RedNet and reap numerous benefits in efficiency costs and productivity. During the year we also launched the Focusrite Pro brand to support our growing RedRedNet business and bring key sales talent and focus to this market. This additional investment will continue next year. We believe that our portfolio of professional AOIP solutions are well poised to become industry standards in postproduction broadcast installed and live sound. Novation The Novation segment now consists of Novation and Ampify the Groups own software brand. Launchpad Launchkey and the synthesiser product categories all experienced accelerated sales growth with overall growth in this business segment of 37.8. Wider market acceptance of gridbased controllers in the electronic music space coupled with larger penetration from online distribution channels such as Amazon has driven demand for Launchpad. This product range experienced significant worldwide uplift in demand with yearon year sales volume growth of 39.0. Our Launchkey family of keyboard controllers also enjoyed significant uplift in worldwide demand with its intuitive feature set and extensive integrated control features with top musicmaking software such as Ableton Live.