 Distribution weighting 70 by next year Income growth with structural support We continue to live in a world characterised by both political and economic uncertainty. The prolonged low interest rate environment and unorthodox monetary policy has created an almost desperate search for yield across a widening spectrum of investment classes. Our focus as a REIT is to collect and compound our long and strong income and to enhance its repetitive reliable and secure characteristics. We expect this strategy to outperform more traditional hyperactive development and trading models where volatile and uncertain returns are diluted by income interruption and frictional costs. Technological advancement and innovation is having a profound impact on many businesses as they attempt to remain relevant in an evolving world where the pace of change is accelerating. The real estate sector is not immune. In recent years we have seen a signicant shift in consumer shopping habits with customer expectations of efficiency speed and convenience driving omnichannel retailing. This has signicantly increased the proportion of non food retail sales online which is expected to reach 26 by 2020 compared to just 13 in 201 1 a growth rate of 10 per annum. These structural changes in how people shop are driving retailer demand for logistics. We have responded to these trends by actively pivoting our investment focus from retail parks into the logistics and distribution sectors which we expect to account for over 70 of our portfolio by the in our actions whilst retaining appropriate portfolio liquidity and exibility. We continue to see attractive investment opportunities where we can leverage our relationships and expertise and we remain condent in our business model and ability to deliver on our strategic objectives and priorities. Outlook 17 LondonMetric Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Marketplace The UK economy remains relatively robust however recent GDP numbers are trending lower and ination measures are trending higher as ripples of political and economic uncertainty continue. Uncertain times lead many to seek those things that are more certain. In an uncertain world with strong tailwinds we believe that providing a strong income proposition underpinned by a structurally supported real estate sector in assets with strong fundamentals creates certainty providing organic growth over time. Here we explain more. The Macro Environment The retail landscape continues to evolve and is in a state of ux. Almost a decade on from the global nancial crisis in 2008 consumer attitudes and shopping habits have changed driven by the continued accelerating pace of technological change and a shift in the traditional paradigm that each generation can expect to enjoy a better standard of living. Online continues to gain market share from 13 of all non food retail sales in 201 1 to an expected 26 by 2020. 1.2 billion parcels were delivered last year with next day delivery options increasing and a reduction in order cut off times. Todays consumer environment makes it ever more crucial for retailers to adapt The Board has no appetite where non compliance risks injury or damage to staff tenants assets shareholders and reputation. There is a clear focus on obligations under the Companys responsible business strategy and regulatory inuences on the business such as Health and Safety environmental employment anticorruption related legislation and the UK Corporate Governance Code. Responsibility for specic obligations is allocated to individuals and overseen by the Executive Committee. External specialists provide advice and support. Staff training is provided. The Company receives external specialist tax advice. Compliance with REIT legislation is monitored on an ongoing basis for decision making purposes and reported. The impact of legislative changes is considered in strategic terms. The Company may be affected in the future by proposed tax changes to loss relief should there be any future prots which are not covered by its REIT exemption. These however are unlikely to be material. Changes relating to taxation of residential property particularly the rate of SDLT has in addition to economic factors led to a slowdown in the London residential market to which the Company still has some exposure through its 40 joint venture interest in Moore House. The joint venture has continued to sell down ats with 21 being sold in the year. No signicant change from 2016 Financial review see page 34 Corporate risks continued 44 LondonMetric Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Risk impact appetite How it is managed Commentary 6 Investment risk Investment opportunities can not be and Committee meetings to give the Directors sufficient time to consider their content prior to the meeting and to promote an informed Boardroom debate. The Board papers contain market property nancial and risk updates as well as other specic papers relating to agenda items. The Board receives other ad hoc papers of a transactional nature at other times circulated by email for their review and approval which are ratied at the next Board meeting. In addition the Chairmen of the Audit and Remuneration Committees communicate regularly and independently with relevant staff and external advisors including the Companys external auditors and remuneration advisors.