 With a heritage in the agricultural sector established in 1871 the Group has over 140 years experience in adding value to our customers businesses. FEEDS The Agriculture division manufactures and sells animal feed and provides other nutritional products and advice to dairy beef and sheep farmers from Scotland to Cornwall. FOOD The business consolidates full loads for its customers being both food producers and importers and ships across the UK daily to all the major supermarkets cash and carry and food service customers. FUELS NWF Fuels is one of the largest authorised distributors of Texaco and a major customer of other fuel suppliers including Shell and Jet. Revenue split Feeds 28.5 Food 7.0 Fuels 64.5 Headline operating profit split Feeds 16.7 Food 33.3 Fuels 50.0 Operating net assets split Feeds 49.7 Food 36.6 Fuels 13.7 17 3350H 29 764H 50 3614H Highlighting our performance AT A GLANCE 589000 TONNES Volume increase of 1.6 against ruminant market growth of 1.5 sold under the NWF Jim Peet S.C. Feeds and New Breed brands. PALLETS 97000 average pallets stored. 513 MILLION LITRES Volume increase of 8.2. 30 MILLION Cold starts contributed 30 million litres ahead of expectation. SERVICE Service level maintained at 99.7 supported by industry leading IT and systems. INVESTMENT Completion of significant investment in the feed mills in the North and in Cheshire. 5.2 million invested in the year. UTILISATION Efficient utilisation of warehouse space and fleet. Storage levels stable to the Board. Chris Belsham Finance Director joined the Board in April 2017 and this completes the transition process for the Board to whom I wish the best for the future. Finally I wish to pay tribute to the Executive team many of whom have worked with me during the entire 11 years that I have chaired the Board. As a group they have displayed that combination of commitment hard work vision humanity and humour that has made my job rewarding and NWF successful. I look forward to updating shareholders on the Groups continuing progress at the time of the Annual General Meeting on 28 September 2017. Sir Mark Hudson KCVO Chairman 1 August 2017 NWF GROUP plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 5 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW How does Brexit impact NWF We are a UK business with three divisions which all performed well in the global financial crisis as they supply basic products to meet the countrys needs for Feeds Food and Fuels. We have not seen any changes in the demand for our products and services to date and monitor the situation closely. Who are your largest shareholders We have no shareholders greater than 5 but a number of significant pension funds and investment funds below 5 with whom we meet regularly. Which is your favoured division All three businesses are unique and deliver benefits to shareholders and have development potential. In addition through operating in three separate markets record earnings per share. The increase in profitability and strong cash generation allowed the Group to continue its investment strategy completing major feed mill expansions in the year. The Group delivered headline operating profit up 3.4 to 9.0 million 2016 8.7 million and headline profit before tax up 2.4 to 8.5 million 2016 8.3 million. Headline earnings per share were up 3.7 to a record level of 14.0p 2016 13.5p. Cash management remains strong with net debt of 13.0 million representing 1.0x EBITDA. This has been achieved by generating net cash of 2.1 million after interest tax dividends and net replacement and maintenance capital expenditure of 4.0 million but before development spend of 5.2 million as a consequence of the trading performance and further sustainable working capital improvements. Outlook In Feeds margins and volumes are in line with our expectations for this time of the year. Our mills in the North Cheshire and the South West are fully operational and aligned to the needs of our farming customers in these key areas of the country. In Food we are focused on business development activity to maintain utilisation levels at the Wardle site and have won some small new accounts to date. The Palletline operation continues to expand and we are looking at further options to increase this segment of our business. We remain focused on continuing to provide excellent levels of service and value to our customers and supermarkets across the UK. In Fuels we have a proven depot operating The Royal Bank of Scotland Group for credit facilities totalling 65.0 million. With the exception of the bank overdraft facility of 1.0 million and the 4.0 million bank guarantee facility which are renewed annually these facilities are committed through to 31 October 2019. Accordingly the Directors having made suitable enquiries and based on financial performance to date and the available banking facilities have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. The Group therefore continues to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements. Share price The market price per share of the Company s shares at 31 May 2017 was 136.5p 31 May 2016 152.0p and the range of market prices during the year was between 133.0p and 178.0p. Chris Belsham Finance Director 1 August 2017 NWF GROUP plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 21 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES RISK DESCRIPTION AND IMPACT MITIGATING ACTIONS CHANGE Brexit The uncertainty around the implications of the European Union exit and exchange rate volatility creates commodity price risk. We are a UK business with three divisions which all performed well in the global financial crisis as they supply basic products to meet the countrys needs for Feeds Food and Fuels. We have not seen any changes in the demand for our products and services to date and monitor the situation closely.