 Notwithstanding the management time that was involved in this we maintained focus on the core business and delivered results in line with market expectations for FY 2017. Our revenues from continuing and discontinued operations in the year were 7.87m an increase of 65.3 on the previous year 2016 4.76m. Our adjusted EBITDA from continuing and discontinued operations increased by 22.7 to 0.81m 2016 0.66m and our adjusted profit before tax increased from 0.31m in 2016 to 0.45m representing a 45.2 increase. At the yearend we had a healthy net cash position of 3.07m. We believe that the foundations are now firmly laid for us to capture growth in our chosen markets and complement these with carefully considered acquisitions. Market The market for managed and cloud services is large and long term driven by the structural move to cloud delivered solutions and IT outsourcing in general. IT is no longer seen as a cost base but is something which can really help drive profits and efficiencies in businesses and corporations are embracing technologies that will put them at a commercial advantage compared with a competitor. This desire to embrace the best of breed technologies which can drive these efficiencies means that knowledge of better more cost effective reliable and secure solutions in a changing environment drives customers to partner with us as we help guide and advise them along their journey. We become part of our customers IT function and our close and increasing engagement with them is demonstrated by an overall net increase in customer spend year on year for the past three years. strategic report SysGroup Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 10 Our Managed Service offerings include all forms of Cloud hosting private public and hybrid but also outsourced service desk and various IT consulting services including public cloud Azure and AWS services. Our Managed Services revenue is predominantly derived from Cloud and this element of our service is growing at the fastest rate with organic growth of 19.8 in 2017. Strategy SysGroups clear focus is to expand its position as a trusted provider of managed services and expert IT consultancy to clients in the UK and Ireland. We have positioned the Group as an extension to a customers existing IT department guiding them through the complexities and developments in the market. Our target market is servicing the UK corporate sector that has traditionally managed and housed their own IT infrastructure on premise. We operate in a variety of vertical sectors but have weighting in not for profit education health services financial services insurance technology and merchant and distribution sectors with a variety of wellknown clients in these verticals. Being a Visa Level 1 PCIDSS service provider highest level and with our ISO9001 and ISO27001 credentials we are an attractive partner to anyone who wishes to ensure platforms are built and maintained to the highest of security standards. Our IT consulting services often result in customers taking Cloud services from us and the legacy VAR Value Added Reseller element of the SysPro business provides a feeder of cloud and managed service opportunities as customers favour OPEX over CAPEX models and the flexibilities that offers. Along with seeking to engage with larger spending customers who have a specific need for a large custom built cloud platform we also seek to engage with customers in our chosen markets who are at different stages of their IT journey. This can initially be by partnering with us for functions like our monitoring services remote service desk backup and disaster recovery services. As our customers develop the opportunity grows and results in more of their services being outsourced to us. The result is that these customers can be very sticky in nature as the increased level of services provided by the Group creates a greater reliance on the Group and significant barrier to entry for competitors. Customers typically sign up for a contract period of one to three years with larger contracts tending to be three years. We intend to supplement our organic growth with carefully considered acquisitions. Acquisitions In July 2016 the Group acquired SysPro for an initial consideration of 4.0m paid 85 cash and 15 in new ordinary shares at 60 pence per share funded by way of a placing raising 5.0m gross. There have been certain operational challenges at allow us to automatically rollout a whole network deployment and virtual machine build in minutes whilst continuous integration means we can test changes in a virtual environment before pushing these to a live environment minimising change control risks. Our work and contribution to the CEPH OpenSource community gained us recognition for the development of an industry leading low cost storage solution which lead us to become the first VEEAM accredited service partner in the UK. We will continue our RD efforts and bring new and interesting services to our customers. Principal Risks and Uncertainties In line with the nature size and complexity of the business the senior management team work very closely to identify and evaluate areas of risk whilst developing and monitoring action plans to deal with any potential threats. SysGroup Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 14 All outcomes are reported to the Board and support is given as necessary to ensure actions are carried out. Identifiable areas of risk include Dependency on key suppliers the Group is dependent on certain key suppliers for the continued operation of its business the most significant of which are the supply of third party software and datacentre services. If any of these suppliers fail in the provision of their services it may have an adverse effect on the Groups ability to provide services to its customers. However the Group continually assess suppliers for both price competitiveness and technical innovation and are confident that alternative providers could be found.