 Data availability Manufacturers can only make the most of their collected data if they have the means of using it when required. Today most machine tools are equipped with a networking capability and have more accessible software architectures making it simpler to facilitate communication between systems. As integrating sensors including probes and programming automated intelligent systems becomes easier more manufacturers will be able to exploit the benefits of Industry 4.0. The data collected through inprocess measurement throughout the manufacturing process can also be used for continuous improvement. It allows manufacturers to understand what causes adverse effects during manufacturing and consider the key variables when designing and developing new processes. From consumer electronics to aerospace components products have shorter life cycles than ever before. Manufacturers must develop new products and processes more quickly to remain competitive. Intelligent processes allow high productivity and highquality output despite the reduced process development window. Additive manufacturing The advent of metal additive manufacturing AM for serialised production as opposed to prototyping will bring further benefits for intelligent manufacturing. From medical implants to critical aerospace applications customers are increasingly demanding more specialised parts to save weight or space dramatically improve product performance and simplify assembly operations. AM is allowing manufacturers more design freedom and the ability to produce prototype products more rapidly from which performance data can be quickly acquired to inform final design and manufacturing parameters. We will increasingly see a combination of both additive kept within control limits. The position encoders line and our associate company RLS continue to derive particular benefit from the ongoing global drive towards industrial automation which aims to increase capacity and flexibility whilst reducing manufacturing lead times and costs. This sector like LED and flat panel manufacture requires rapid reliable and accurate measurement of position between moving parts. The market for industrial robots is also growing with the introduction of smart factory concepts seeing the expansion of new robotic applications into light industries such as 3C product assembly computing communication and consumer and other automatic production lines where robots with high precision and high flexibility are required. The use of collaborative robots cobots is increasing working closely with people to help finish production tasks through simple fast programming or even selflearning processes. Denmarkbased Universal Robots is a market leader in this field and their multiaxis collaborative robots use RLS AksIM magnetic absolute rotary encoders for position feedback. Investment continues in the AM products line which includes the LBC business in Germany specialising in AM parts manufacture including conformally cooled mould tools and tool inserts for injection moulding and diecasting applications and the previously mentioned Additive Manufacturing Solutions Centres. v The new Trigger Logic app simplifies the process of configuring a Renishaw machine tool probe. Renishaw plc Annual report and accounts 2017 38 shorten lead times meet the need for increased complexity and closer tolerances in product design and supply into markets where shorter product lifecycles are compressing times for design which could not be achieved by traditional manufacturing and highlights the capability of Renishaws highperformance AM systems to produce highly precise and fine detail features. Now that Michiel has proved Ornament 1 can be produced he is working with an AMSC to investigate how reproducible it is to streamline the labourintensive finishing process and to offer an alternative material. His plan is to develop a core range of classic style watches that are highend and have a strong element of personality but which could be completely customised like bespoke jewellery. The fastpaced nature of the consumer products market demands flexible manufacturing systems that can adapt to shorter lifecycles yet still meet the requirements for highquality high volume components. This illustration of a typical household shows a few examples of how Renishaw products are allowing manufacturers to satisfy these demanding requirements. Renishaw plc Annual report and accounts 2017 40 Metal housings for computers Highvolume production machining needs probing technology to automate part setting and control cutting tools to minimise scrap and maximise production capacity from each machine tool. D Breton employee using XL80 laser interferometer to calibrate a CNC machine. D Luxury watch from Holthinrichs Watches featuring a 3Dprinted metal case crown and buckle. From marble slabs to machine tools Focusing initially on designing and building machinery to process natural stone the Italian company Breton S.p.A soon moved to producing complete systems for the manufacture of composite stone. This proved to be the backbone of its growing business for many machining of chassis and other components for agricultural plant where scrap is too costly to accept. Precision parts for powerplants Highprecision manufacturing uses advanced scanning probe systems to control quality enabling powerplants to deliver enhanced performance higher reliability and reduced emissions. Smart farming Modern agriculture is making use of satellites equipped with position encoders to monitor crop condition forecast crop yields and direct machinery for optimal performance including the distribution of seed fertilisers and pesticides. Precision gears and reliable gearbox components Highvolume precision machining and rapid part inspection necessary to support automotive gearbox and drivetrain production are made possible with process control and gauging technologies. Governance Financial statements Shareholder information Strategic report 43 Strategic report Performance Healthcare Renishaws expertise in technologies such as metal additive manufacturing will be harnessed through PDRs experience in research and design of medical devices. Renishaw and PDR have already collaborated on other projects including the Innovate UK and EPSRC funded Additive manufacture for Designled Efficient Patient Treatment ADEPT project which won a Collaborate to Innovate award and has resulted in the release of Renishaws new ADEPT software see below. In Canada Renishaw is contributing to a new medical centre called ADEISS Additive DEsign In Surgical Solutions based at the Western University campus in London Ontario. The result of a partnership between the university the London Medical Network and Renishaw the centre will focus on the research development and commercialisation of additively manufactured medical devices and surgical instruments.