 03 Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 www.symphonyenvironmental.com FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BUSINESS REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Antibacterial Fights healthcare and food industry infections. Tested against dangerous organisms including MRSA Ecoli Listeria Salmonella Pseudomonas and Aspergillus Niger. Natural Antibacterial suitable for use in food and nonfood applications. In compliance with FDA Food and Drug Administration USA and EFSA European Food Safety Authority requirements. Antimicrobial The primary purpose is to prevent bacterial and fungal contamination whilst preserving the aesthetic and functional properties of the plastic article. Odour adsorber Inorganic masterbatches and additives designed to inhibit the development of odours in plastic products and to prevent spoilage of fruit and vegetables. Insecticide technology Insecticidal plastic masterbatches used to control pests. Typically used in mosquito nets agriculture horticulture forestry and home applications. Flame retardant Flame retardants decrease the ignitability of materials and inhibit the combustion process limiting the amount of heat released. Pest control Rodents can cause dangerous damage to plastic products such as cable insulation warehouse pallets nonfood packaging and boxes etc. Symphony has developed additive masterbatches with products that repel these pests. Antifouling Antifouling paint is a specialised coating applied to the hull of a ship or boat to reduce the growth of aquatic organisms. Vapour corrosion inhibitor d 2 p VCI additives are a range of products to be used in protection of surfaces against the corrosion and oxidation of ferrous and nonferrous metals. Ethylene moisture and odour adsorber Highly active adsorbent masterbatch for the removal of undesirable odours volatile organic compounds VOC and water vapour from plastic packaging to reduce spoilage of fruit and vegetables. Oxygen absorber d 2 p OA is a powerful inorganic chemical compound produced from a natural ore and manufactured to a high purity. Release agent A modern synthetic product produced from one of the most common of the earths elements. It plays a key role in the improvement of the flow and processing of resins as well an enhancing the slip and lubricity of plastic products. www.symphonyenvironmental.comd2p d 2 p products include Water pipes and tanks Agriculture Clothing and accessories Gloves Creditdebit cards Cuttingchopping boards Electronic devices Flexible food packaging Food containers Fridges Home roofing wall cladding and decking tubing piping bed pans Kitchen utensils Kitchen worktop coating Pet food packaging Refuse sacks and longlife carrier bags Sanitary toilet seats shower heads shower curtains hand dryers toothbrush handles Sports ski boots bowling shoes insoles Transportation car interiors tube train plane Chairmans Statement Nirj Deva DL FRSA MEP Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 www.symphonyenvironmental.com 04 DELIVERING TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS I am very pleased to report a 249.6 increase in profit before tax to 430000 2016 123000 together with 1.03 million cash generated from operations 2016 cash consumed 0.34 million. With the business now in a net cash position and with its technologies gaining increasing commercial traction together with elevated political range with synergistic technologies which can be offered to the same customer base and I am pleased to report that this is progressing well. Revenues for the year increased by 21.6 to 8.27 million 2016 6.80 million with gross profits increasing by 17.8 to 4.01 million 2016 3.41 million. The improved revenue was due to increased sales of d 2 w oxobiodegradable plastic additives in several markets. These markets include South America and the Far East but momentum has been most apparent in the Middle East and in particular Saudi Arabia where legislation requires the use of oxobiodegradable technology for everyday plastic items made in or imported into the country. Enforcement of the legislation commenced during 2017. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BUSINESS REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The overall results highlight the operational gearing of the Group. Additionally the Group effectively removed borrowings from the balance sheet as at yearend which was further enhanced by the completion of a capital reduction during the second half of the year. This along with the profit generated in the year resulted in a consolidated retainedearnings position of 67000 2016 deficit 3.97 million. I would like to thank the distributors staff and Board for all their hard and effective work in 2017 and we look forward with confidence. N Deva DL FRSA MEP Chairman 13 March 2018 Profit before tax increased by 249 to 0.43 million Chief Executives Review Michael Laurier Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 www.symphonyenvironmental.com 06 Although Europe is not currently an important products and equipment are responsibly sourced. We are committed to recycling and have a dedicated member of staff to monitor our recycling activities as well as following the principles of reduce reuse and recycle whenever practicable. We work wherever possible with paperless administration and use the bestpractice documentmanagement systems utilising electronic communications and video conferencing to reduce postal costs and the need for business travel. Finally we have production facilities in several locations around the world to minimise the need to transport supplies and to help reduce our carbonfootprint. As an organisation we are committed to the wider community and regularly support charities and fundraisers. This year we held events to support the MacMillan cancer charity and Noahs Ark Childrens Hospice as well as taking part in sponsored events and a beach cleanup in Ghana. We also support local schools with their work experience programmes and often welcome students into our laboratory and our administration sales and accounts departments. Like most modern businesses we appreciate that our staff are our greatest asset and that their success contributes to the success of the company. We are happy to encourage staff in their career development with training courses seminars and conferences where appropriate and flexible working i.e. job sharing and working from home where possible.