 With revenue and profit both increasing markedly and being converted to strong free cash flow I firmly believe that under Deans leadership we have established a sustainable model of growth. Equally I am repeatedly struck by the passion commitment and expertise of our staff across the Group in delivering the quality of services our customers rightly demand dayin dayout. It is particularly pleasing that these Group results have been delivered through growth across all of our internationally diversified business. North America and ALSA have both had particularly strong years delivering significant headline growth. The performance of our UK bus and coach businesses to turnaround their significant challenges of the first half of 2017 was impressive. Our strategy of focusing on operational excellence investing in technology and disciplined acquisition and growth in new markets has now been delivering for a number of years. As Dean makes clear in his report while we have made important strides in each of these areas already there are also significant opportunities to pursue. As a Board we are focused on working with and challenging the executive team to realise them. Progress made with opportunities ahead Our credentials as an industryleading operator are strengthened every year. Our achievement of the highest safety awards attainment of the highest European Foundation for Quality Management fivestar rating in three businesses and consistently high customer satisfaction scores are testament to a focus on the fundamentals of a transport business that is geared for ongoing success. Equally however when one stands back it is clear that we are in both a period of significant technological change and also an era when the potential application of these myriad innovations is presenting challenge yes but also exciting opportunities. This is now perhaps one of the most pressing challenges for a business like National Express how we focus our investment and resources in the area of technological innovation to deliver the greatest benefit for our customers and shareholders. From our industryleading ondemand scheduling technology at Ecolane through our pioneering use of smart Lytx DriveCam safety cameras to our sophisticated customer pricing and payment methods such as Revenue Management Systems National Express has sought to invest to embrace the opportunities at an early stage. With the promising results from these and other investments the Board and executive team both believe we are at the start of something exciting here. Our disciplined acquisition strategy also continues to prove successful as both high quality new businesses generating returns of at least 15 are brought into the Group but also opening additional new growth avenues. As Dean again sets out in his report the emerging urban growth model in Geneva and in major cities in North America has been driven by our recent acquisitions. Our determination to continue to grow our existing businesses through the excellence and technology agendas and these new avenues for expansion provide us with confidence and optimism for future growth. Dividend It resources on improving the quality safety and efficiency of our operations as well as on attractive acquisition opportunities. We have expanded in and into large wealthy cities and also launched successfully in three new markets Germany Bahrain and Switzerland in recent years. These three new market entries have all been profitable in their first full year of operations. Our strategy therefore remains focused on three key pillars Operational excellence including organic growth tight cost control rigorous cash flow management and the disciplined allocation of capital to maximise returns Investment in technology to drive customerfocused innovation and excellence improved safety performance and greater cost efficiency and Growth through targeted acquisitions in the worlds most affluent cities and regions. I will now set out how we are already delivering against each of these pillars and outline some of the emerging opportunities for further benefits to come. Annual Report 2017 National Express Group PLC 14 Chief Executives review We also continue to forge and leverage strong partnerships with local authorities to tackle key operational and customer service challenges. For example through a joint bid with Transport for West Midlands our bus business has recently secured Department for Transport investment for new bus lanes on the important Harborne to Birmingham city centre route. We have introduced our stateofthe art Platinum buses to this route with the aspiration of repeating the significant increases in passengers we have seen where previous schemes such as Lode Lane in Solihull have combined journey time savings with new premium during the year on matters such as Brexit technology digital marketing and other economic and political risk factors that may affect the business or the wider transport sector in our main operating territories Directors receive relevant information as part of and between meetings regarding the Groups business financial performance shareholder sentiment and the legal regulatory and governance environment in which it operates all Directors are encouraged to attend training discussion and briefing forums on relevant topical matters. For the NonExecutive Directors this is available through the Deloitte Academy which facilitates such events with online and remote follow up access available. Additionally to provide Directors with further opportunities to meet with senior and local management and increase their visibility and working knowledge of the Groups operations and market dynamics the Board aims to visit two of the Groups locations each year. To that end the Board meetings in June and September 2017 were held in Madrid and Washington DC respectively the latter also facilitating the Boards annual strategy review meeting. Details of the Washington trip can be found on the page opposite. The Chairman also undertakes a busy programme of local site and management visits which this year included a number of UK sites and a trip to our operations in Bahrain. To a lesser extent but also encouraged other NonExecutive Directors undertake similar personal visits from time to time.