ft. of trading area Scope for both brands to grow Revolution to 100 sites and Revolucin de Cuba to at least 50 sites Future focus Our pipeline of new sites for FY18 looks strong. We have opened a new Revolucin de Cuba in Belfast and we expect three Revolution sites in Solihull Inverness and Putney to open before Christmas. Likeforlike sales are defined as total retail sales from bars that have been trading continuously for at least 12 months. Adjusted EBITDA excludes exceptional items and bar opening costs see reconciliation table on page 18 of the Financial Review. Revolution Bars Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 2017 PREMIUM PRODUCTS Continuously seeking to innovate and evolve our products service and brand support. Aberdeen Underlying cause of risk Response and mitigation DEPENDENCE ON KEY SITES The Group operates throughout the UK and therefore has income sources from a geographically diverse estate. Notwithstanding that certain sites deliver more profit than others and the Groups profits are sensitive to this. A decline in profitability in a key site would have an adverse impact on Group profits and in some cases this could be material. There are two mitigating actions to this risk. Firstly operational teams are focused on the maintenance of profits of economically significant sites. Secondly growing the business through the addition of new sites maintain a strong pipeline of managers to lead and grow the business. This is evidenced by a detailed succession plan and talent management programme enabling us to fill circa 70 per cent of our management positions internally. Our training utilises a variety of development tools maximising technology where appropriate. We combine our elearning STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT Food information and quality platform ACE Online and customer service training programme to provide training to all our employees from day one. These tools take people from learning about our purpose vision and values at induction through to mastering a range of brand standards that ensure quality and speed of service are a focus for all team members. For those wishing to progress our career development path is clearly outlined in My Career Portfolio MCP taking ambitious team members from firstline supervisor roles to General Manager and Area Manager positions. Three times a year we recruit new talent to our Academy programme selected through an assessment centre selection process we ensure that the top talent joins our next cohort of future managers and induct them at a twoday development centre followed up by pairing them with a dedicated mentor and regular reviews with their General Manager. All management groups within the operations team have their own dedicated annual conference. The purpose of these conferences is to set the directive for the year to come to create a strong network amongst peers and to ensure that the purpose vision and values of the business are embedded into the actions taken on the back of the events. Using a blend of inhouse and thirdparty provision the Group ran around 100 days of classroombased management development training courses during FY17 providing access to fullday training courses to over 1200 people. This was supplemented by elearning programmes. The Company is committed to equal opportunities and the elimination of discrimination harassment and victimisation of employees. Of our workforce 42 per cent are female and 58 per cent are male. In addition to competitive pay rates it creates a suite of reward and incentive schemes investing around 1 per cent of turnover annually. Further all employees are able to join the Groups stakeholder pension plan as well as obtain taxefficient childcare vouchers. All team members are entitled to a 50 per cent discount on food and drink purchased within our bars. People Revolution Bars Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 20 Responsible drinks retailing The Group supports practices which promote responsible drinking and has established its own Responsible Alcohol Retailing Policy supported by staff training and monitoring. The Groups pricing models are set so as to avoid deeply discounting products. Events are promoted responsibly and are accompanied by individual risk assessments. A number of bars enter local Best Bar None schemes run by local authorities and the police to encourage good behaviour in town centres promoting a safe and secure environment. Food information and quality The Group continuously aims to improve the quality of its food offering and provide customers with the required information about its product range to allow them to make informed decisions about their food consumption. This includes providing allergen and calorie information for all dishes via our website. Products not containing gluten or meat are advertised on the printed menu. Full training is provided to bar teams to enable them to deal with customer queries and prevent cross contamination. The Group sets out strict specifications for all products so that high standards of quality are met. Charity The Group has a programme designed to promote charitable activity within its workforce. The scheme called You raise it we match it rewards funds raised by staff for various charities and matches what they have raised. During the reporting period the Group matched 10000 of fundraising. Environment The Group endeavours to conduct its business in a way that is sympathetic to the environment. Where possible glassware and bottles are recycled as is cardboard packaging. In developing our sites we are making increasing use of energyefficient devices and our use of energy when operating our sites is monitored by smart meters and reviewed by management. Indirect emissions have been calculated using the Carbon Reduction Commitment CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme factor and cover the period 1 April to 31 March. These emissions totalled 14225 tonnes of CO 2 2016 14015 tonnes. Human rights Even though the Group does not have a formal human rights policy it is committed to conducting business with integrity and fairness.