 Importantly all our buildings also have common recreational and study spaces where students can socialise and work. Our future strategy involves using our insight to continue improving the design and specification of our properties to make sure they keep in step with changing student priorities. Read more about Our properties on p36 Quality people We aim to create an environment that is supportive but allows students the independence they want. For example all our people receive training in customer service and active listening and work closely with Universities to ensure help is on hand if needed. We are in addition currently rolling out a programme of Student Ambassadors to provide additional peertopeer support for our residents. We are proud to be a Living Wage employer and retain our Investors in People Gold accreditation. Quality service platform By combining our student insight with sustained investment in back office systems valueadded services and our 1400 employees we have created a scalable operating platform that drives operational efficiency ensures consistency and enhances our customers experience. Our rents include all household bills contents insurance and high speed WiFi. Digitalising routine tasks such as room bookings and payments has made key administrative processes simpler and easier for students while simultaneously driving down costs. New appbased services allow students to meet their flatmates online before arriving at University and to quickly report any issues once checked in. We will continue to differentiate the challenge of longterm accommodation planning. Our relationships provide longterm security of income and help to build and grow our business. Quality relationships Developing strong partnerships with Universities is about building strong individual relationships with senior leaders within each institution. This takes time. Around nine out of ten of our University relationships across the UK have now existed for more than five years. This by its very nature is hard to replicate. It also ensures we have unique insights in to Universities and their needs and remain ahead of our competition. Unique insight We run student retention workshops where we share our insight and customer satisfaction data with University partners. They also share their own survey findings to enable us to work together to deliver the best student experience increase satisfaction and aid retention which are both key measures of the new Teaching Excellence Framework TEF. Feedback from Universities through our Reputation Survey also helps inform our student experience and product specification. Our approach clearly demonstrates that we value their feedback and our partnerships. Thought leadership The higher education sector values organisations that can contribute to its overall success and that truly care about students. Our Insight series of research reports provides dataled insight into what students expect and want from their University experiences. We also use roundtables and launch events to help share this insight with leaders in Higher Education. Providing our partners with competitive advantage Universities benefit from nominations agreements when they do not have enough of their quality affordable student accommodation. This is our first land acquisition in London since 2013 facilitated by the correction in land values seen in certain zone 1 locations and our ability to unlock value through our relationships with Universities. The initial development returns on these Universitybacked schemes are 67 around 100 basis points lower than a scheme where Unite takes full letting and rental growth risk. However total returns are expected to be 910 and given the University relationships and the security of income the agreements provide these opportunities are strategically important and remain value enhancing. We continue to see attractive development and partnership opportunities in strong University markets and we plan to invest selectively in target markets to enhance portfolio quality and deliver target returns. QA with the Chief Executive Richard Smith addresses some topical questions from our shareholders Q What is the impact of the new Teaching Excellence Framework on your strategy A The TEF results reinforce our strategy of partnering with mid to highranking Universities. Currently 85 of our beds are aligned to these types of institutions and with new developments such as Cowley in Oxford and Middlesex Street in London we are expecting this to grow to 90 on completion of our existing development pipeline. Student satisfaction and retention are key measures of TEF and we believe our strategy can help our University partners excel in these areas continuing to make us an attractive accommodation partner. Q You bought and sold more properties than in previous years 3 8.0 St Vincents Sheffield 598 49 38 16 21 4 8.2 International House Birmingham 586 50 38 23 14 5 8.0 2019 completions Skelhorne Liverpool 1085 96 74 11 49 13 8.0 2020 completions Tower North Leeds 1019 107 83 1 82 24 8.0 Constitution Street Aberdeen 600 50 42 0 35 3 8.4 New Wakefield Street Manchester 603 76 56 12 44 11 8.2 Old BRI 1 Bristol 751 98 79 2 61 20 8.4 Total wholly owned 6547 637 501 95 343 91 8.1 1 Subject to obtaining planning consent Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Other information 39 THE UNITE GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 PROPERTY REVIEW CONTINUED Secured forwardfund pipeline USAF USAF completed two forwardfund assets in 2017 adding new operational beds in Oxford and Edinburgh. USAF also secured three further assets on a forwardfund basis in Durham and Birmingham and acquired two investment assets in Sheffield and Edinburgh. These acquisitions are consistent with its strategy to increase exposure to highquality Universities and to expand its presence in markets to take advantage of scale. USAF has around 50 million of acquisition capacity which it intends to invest in the first half of the year. Secured beds No.