 Continued trend towards hybridfullelectric propulsion and integrated electric systems with increased adoption of energy storage solutions. Increasing interest from vessel owners in remote and autonomous solutions which RollsRoyce is pioneering to improve performance reduce cost and increase safety. Increasing evidence of suppliers partnering with vessel operators to deliver digital solutions to create greater availability and reduce operational risks. Business risks If offshore exploration and production expenditure remains low then there will be sustained pressure and further delay in market recovery for both new build and aftermarket. If competitors react to a depressed market by pricing aggressively on new equipment to protect future aftermarket revenue then Marine could experience further pressure on nearterm margins. If continuing market downturn leaves key customers suppliers and competitors exposed to strain then there could be further consolidation impacting the competitive landscape. If market shifts in technology e.g. electrification and digitalisation proceed at a faster rate than expected then the business may not be positioned to take full advantage of this potential growth. HMS QUEEN ELIZABETH TAKES TO THE SEAS HMS Queen Elizabeth the largest warship ever built for the UKs Royal Navy left Rosyth dockyard in Scotland to begin sea trials in June 2017. This was a major landmark for Marines naval business having been involved in the project since its launch over a decade ago. The new class of aircraft carrier weighing in at 70000 tonnes features a range of RollsRoyce equipment including twin MT30 marine 1.4bn Gross RD expenditure The number of engineers across the Group has increased from 16526 in 2016 to 18245 in 2017 as at 31 December. We have brought agency engineering contractors who support noncore tasks in new product introduction programmes into our direct headcount following a reinterpretation of export control regulations. For further headcount detail see page 46. RollsRoyce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 43 Strategic Report Technology STRATEGIC REPORT TECHNOLOGY IN ACTION TODA Y ADV ANCE3 AND ULTRAFAN Advance3 is the first major new civil aeroengine architecture for RollsRoyce in decades and sets new benchmarks in efficiency environmental performance and precision engineering. The new architecture and advanced technologies within Advance3 are required to meet the pace of change within the industry and remain on track to meet ACAREs FlightPath 2050 goals. Innovations include leanburn combustion and new manufacturing and material technologies including 3D printing and ceramic matrix composites. Advance3 is central to the UltraFan demonstrator programme which will add power gearbox composite fan and highspeed turbine technology elements. Advance3 will be 20 more fuel efficient than the original Trent 700 engine. When combined with UltraFan from 2025 that efficiency saving will extend to 25. FLEXIBLE POWER MICROGRIDS RollsRoyce reciprocating engines are increasingly being integrated with multiple power generation assets and storage into microgrids able to dynamically manage the supply of power and react to fluctuations in demand. The rapid startup fast increase in output and quick shutdown characteristics of MTU engines make them an ideal component of next generation the level of disruption to our customers from Trent 1000 and Trent 900 inservice issues and developing longerterm solutions to these issues. Conducting technical audits at predefined points which are performed by a team that is independent from the programme. Requiring programmes to address the actions arising from reviews and audits and monitoring and controlling progress through to closure. Applying knowledge management principles to provide benefit to current and future programmes. This principal risk is subject to review by the Board. RollsRoyce management system Operational performance review Project assurance Gated business and technical reviews Quality compliance audit Major quality investigations board 1 4 Increased Decreased Static Change in risk level Risk management enables our strategy 1 Customer focus to rectify inservice issues ramp up large engine production 2 Technology focus through product revitalisation electrification and digitalisation 3 Resilience through adaptability with a spotlight on safety diversity inclusion and the highest ethical standards 4 Financial progress delivering improving free cash flow strengthening balance sheet more disciplined capital allocation Priorities for 2018 on page 9 Other changes We are aware of the impact our products and operations have on the planet and the impact climate change may have on our business either directly or indirectly. To help readers understand where we see the biggest risks and in line with the Financial Stability Board FSB Taskforce on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures TCFD we have updated our description of two principal risks i disruptive technologies and business models and ii business continuity. RollsRoyce Holdings plc our wider shareholder base in March 2017 we held the second of our governance events for fund managers and governance analysts. We also undertook an open and meaningful shareholder consultation exercise on our remuneration policy approved with a majority of over 95 at the AGM in May 2017. You can read about our stakeholder engagement activities on page 73. Looking forward The Board remains strongly committed to continuous improvement in governance. We actively reviewed and responded to the FRCs consultation to the UK Corporate Governance Code. Areas we intend to focus on in 2018 include Brexit health and safety cyber security and sustainability. We will be monitoring developments in best practice and I look forward to continuing a progressive and innovative approach to governance in the year ahead. Ian Davis Chairman meetings and piggybacked on other events. I hosted an online discussion with employees that was particularly rewarding because it allowed for a free flow of conversation across many sites on many subjects. What has marked all of these events has been the openness of our people and their willingness to raise issues. Often there is simply a real curiosity to understand what the Board does but equally we have had open discussions about connecting the RollsRoyce vision more closely to our employees diversity and inclusion working methods career development the effectiveness of the employee opinion survey the role of employee representatives transformation and culture and communications.