 Our rapidly growing Technology Alliance Program which increasingly positions Blue Prism as the Operating System for digital workforce deployments presents us with further opportunities to develop new revenue streams. The Group has had a strong start to the first quarter of FY2018 and as such now expect revenues for the full financial year to be comfortably ahead of existing market expectations. Funded by the anticipated net proceeds of the Placing we have announced today the additional investment planned for FY2018 to support our global growth is expected to increase our revenue growth in the next financial year. The 2018 financial year shows every sign of being yet another exciting year of growth for Blue Prism. Alastair Bathgate Chief Executive Officer Blue Prism Group plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 COMPANY OVERVIEW PROGRESS PERFORMANCE PRODUCTIVITY About Blue Prism The Groups enterprisegrade software enables the automation of manual rulesbased administrative processes to create a more agile cost effective and accurate backoffice. Blue Prisms RPA software delivers the worlds most successful digital workforce in execution for our customers and has executed over 1bn transactions. Our customers include Aegon BNY Mellon Commerzbank IBM ING Maersk Nokia Nordea Procter Gamble Raiffeisen Bank Siemens Westpac and Zurich. As at 31 October 2017 Blue Prism had 187 employees based out of offices in NewtonleWillows particular process from 10 days to 24 hours while also improving error rates. CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT 222 Robots in first 12 months Different business functions 62 Reduction in turnaround time 147 Blue Prism Group plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 MARKET OVERVIEW DELIVERING TOMORROWS DIGITAL WORKFORCE WORLDWIDE We believe that the combination of intelligent automation targeted at transformational change supported by technical partners and a robust methodology is appealing to both our distribution partners and our customers and along with our public status and strengthened balance sheet sets us apart from other RPA vendors. MARKET REVIEW Supported by Board level conversations between global consulting firms and their clients Intelligent Automation the digital enterprise robotics and the future of work are all themes that RPA plays well to and this is driving the market into global expansion. As todays major organisations look to find new ways of interacting with their customers it is becoming clear that RPA can become a transformational enabler to the digital enterprise and not just a tactical automation tool focused on cost reduction. This is reinforced by increasing media and analyst attention. For example in November the primary product category search terms on Gartner Incs website a leading technology research and advisory firm were Cloud Internet of Things Blockchain and RPA. Blue Prism has helped shape the growth in media analyst and industry awareness of RPA throughout the year and endorsement for the RPA market continues to be supported by an increasing number of independent commentators. According to McKinsey the introduction and development of business process automation offers returns on investment in the first year alone of up to 200 per cent. Such rapid growth and adoption and the recognition of the value RPA can provide at the enterprise level stems from an increasing demand at Board level to introduce automation technologies into their business. Analysts and media continue to point to the scale of opportunity ahead as enterprises look to RPA to automate legacy business processes at a time when their talent technology and time resources are constrained. Industry analysts are starting to make significant forecasts of a large growing market size for RPA with one business consulting and market research firm forecasting the RPA market to reach up to 8.75bn by 2024 and we can see already the demand from growing levels of interest. COMPETING IN THE MARKET PLACE Against an increasingly positive wider market Blue Prism continues to emerge as an important thought leader in the market for RPA. We were 1 of only 2 British companies and the only RPA vendor to feature in Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT Technology Reviews 50 Smartest Companies of 2017. We continue to grow and deepen our partnerships with global consulting and implementation firms who with us are working to make customer engagement with RPA increasingly transformational. We also partner with niche and specialised players with a specific geographic industry or functional focus who make a valuable contribution to our revenue mix. Although the US remains a key 1.3m worth of savings generated in the first 6 months resulting in a 3.6 times return on the investment in the RPA programme. Employee satisfaction and productivity also increased with 12 FTEs reassigned to more cognitive valueadded tasks as employee attrition reduced due to the elimination of repetitive and nonvalue added work. Similarly the advantage of Blue Prisms RPA technology can be seen in the scale of impact delivered and value generated for a major player in the retail sector. Shop Direct one of the UKs largest pureplay digital retailers has automated approximately 130 processes to date using Blue Prism and continues to return 328000 hours annually and rising back to its business. As a result the Company was also able to generate 16m in incremental revenue from just one single process. It is also possible to combine the operational benefits of RPA with social benefits. At Lighthouse Works in Florida a notforprofit social enterprise which exists to support people in living learning and earning with vision loss Blue Prism software robots are helping employees complete tasks such as scheduling billing and claims processing thereby expanding the scope of jobs that visually challenged workers can complete. After deploying Blue Prisms RPA blind workers could complete tasks in their entirety 4 to 6 times faster and 3 times more efficiently than before for an estimated cost saving of nearly 65 per cent.