 Environment Our own direct carbon footprint is negligible however we are involved in an industry that makes a small but significant contribution to manmade carbon dioxide emissions. Accordingly we have investigated the environmental performance of the aircraft types we offer and uniquely among our competitors we share this data with our customers right from the start so they can factor this into their choices. Unlike other providers who may or often may not offer just a standard carbon offset scheme based on their own limited fleet which could be illsuited to the mission in any case Air Partner offers a totally bespoke solution every time. Then we offer to neutralise the calculated impact of these emissions. The market for broking At Air Partner broking encompasses commercial jets private jets freight emergency planning our bespoke disaster response service and aircraft remarketing. The global air charter market is highly fragmented with low barriers to entry and little or no regulation. Other than direct competitors there are also competitors offering similar services with a different business model particularly in the private jet sector eg fractional ownership charter of their own aircraft or charter of aircraft under their management. Other competitors aim to use technology to create a seamless endtoend booking process seeing this as an advantage. 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 bn 2015 Optimistic 2020 2025 2030 2035 Base case Pessimistic Passenger traffic growth scenarios Pax billion 1. Source IATA. Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 9 Air Partner plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We aim to differentiate ourselves as follows service we offer our customers an unrivalled service whether this be a product that provides better service levels such as JetCard or a complete service that our competitors can not offer such as a charter service with a safety audit of the carrier reputation in a market where competitors come and go our 55year heritage demonstrates stability safety quality and financial performance our people in our experience technology can not replace people. We invest in technology to improve the customer experience and drive efficiencies but the key to our success is a genuine 247365 service by our aviation experts for customers who want a bespoke personal service. Material geopolitical events andor natural disasters can cause shortterm downturns in demand for aircraft charter for example 911 or the Eyjafjallajkull volcanic eruption although our Emergency Planning Division is often called on at such times for example providing aid to a disaster zone or arranging troop transfers or evacuations in times of war. Moreover our vision to supply a greater range of services across a broader geographic area should help mitigate local challenges. The market for consulting and training The pace of growth of the aviation industry busier skies more competition demands for higher fleet utilisation and 2035 New aeroplanes Value bn Large widebody 740 700 530 220 Medium widebody 1640 3690 3470 1250 Small widebody 2660 6060 5100 1350 Single aisle 14870 32280 28140 3000 Regional jets 2600 2510 2380 110 Total 22510 45240 39620 5930 2. Source Boeing. 10 Air Partner plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Explaining our business Business model and strategy To create longterm sustainable value for shareholders we are developing a total offer for customers in the air charter market who will choose us because we provide the best in quality safety and service. Growth by acquisition is core to our strategy. What we offer Our customers Aircraft charter At the core of our business model providing tailored services for many years leveraging our relationships with the majority of aircraft operators and enabling us to select the aircraft appropriate for our customers needs. Profit is largely generated through commissions although some fee income is generated through the provision of professional services or in the case of our Emergency Planning Division subscriptions. Charter customers Corporate customers including sports teams and tour operators governments and high net worth individuals who require our skills and expertise to solve often complex aviation requirements. Projects range from oneoff charters to much longer or more complicated projects spanning many months or multiple rotations. Aircraft remarketing Air Partner Remarketing formerly Cabot Aviation provides comprehensive remarketing programmes across the globe for all types of commercial and corporate aircraft. Projects involve selling or leasing aircraft selling aircraft with leases attached opportunities and we are continuing to evaluate the situation. Our principal risks and uncertainties The principal risk to the Groups business stems from the general economic conditions in which our clients operate affecting their willingness and ability to charter or contract consulting services. Ad hoc charters are likely to continue to be affected by serious economic instability in the major world markets. The pervasive risk to Air Partners chartering business is the fact that lead times for ad hoc bookings are measured in days or weeks rather than months. Forward bookings can be impacted very suddenly by changes in financial markets political instability and natural events affecting the movement of people or cargo from one country to another. Economic uncertainty affects corporate government and individual clients and affects the quality of aircraft supply as operators consolidate or leave the market. Contractually this risk is mitigated in that we sell capacity on aircraft owned and operated by a third party and contracts with our customers are normally placed as mirrored transactions. The Group does not have any contractual arrangements with any significant individual or company which are essential to continuation of the business. General business risks faced by the Group such as those disclosed within note 2 are those faced by businesses with similar characteristics. Those listed here are the principal risks considered by the Board to have a potentially material impact on the Group not achieving its longterm strategic objectives.