 The hires have a broad range of skills and backgrounds including school leavers graduates and exmilitary. The ECP is part of our commitment to inclusive hiring and we look forward to welcoming more new joiners in 2018. To read more visit our website. www.tpicap.com 15 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Chief Executives review continued Corporate responsibility We know society has increasingly high expectations of us. We also know that our employees and the next generation care deeply about the sort of company they want to work for. Interdealer broking has always been an area where talented individuals can flourish and it is our responsibility to ensure we cast the net far and wide when looking for and developing new talent. We call this A Voice for All. Our emphasis on corporate social responsibility and good corporate citizenship means we look for opportunities to help our communities and inform those who want to participate. For example employees are given two days paid volunteering leave a year and we make funds available to support their personal charitable fundraising efforts. ICAP has a strong record in charitable support and on 5 December held the 25th annual ICAP Charity Day. This longestablished and wellloved tradition sees us come together across the globe to raise money for good causes while also having a great deal of fun. As usual the team participation was portfolios by using algorithms that calculate risk accurately is one of those available. In June the multilateral electronic trade matching system executed the largest ever bulk risk mitigation in notional terms by any provider since the beginning of the trade detail reporting regime. The run saw Case study tpMA TCH a record breaking performance Link to our strategy 3 5 6 more than 2 trillion of USD forward rate agreements FRAs executed simultaneously between almost 100 clients. Operating across several different asset classes and currencies our team of tpMATCH product experts construct accurate mid market curves at that moment in time while their Global Sales colleagues contact clients and solicit portfolios of the asset class or currency they would like to offset. This landmark dollar FRA run was a perfect example of how our client relationships combine with TP ICAP technology to provide solutions that enhance the liquidity of the marketplace. To read more visit our website. www.tpicap.com 17 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Financial and operating review The Group generates broking revenue from commissions it earns by intermediating and executing customer orders. The level of revenue depends substantially on customer trading volumes which are affected by the conditions in the financial markets by customers risk appetite and by their willingness and ability to trade. 2017 represented a mixed year for market activity in OTC financial markets marked by ongoing low levels of volatility. These cyclical factors still affect the interdealer broker industry as well as the presence of transaction that showed us expanding into new markets saw brokers on Tullett Prebons Emerging Markets Forward FX desk execute their first Case study Leading the way in Global Broking Link to our strategy 3 5 6 8 ever XAF Central African Franc spot trade between two London banks in September. The Central Africa Franc is the currency of six independent states. With a small proportion of our Global Broking revenues now coming from pure voice broking our Electronic Markets team also continues to grow from strengthtostrength. In 2017 electronic Volume Matching platforms were functionally enriched and deployed into new products globally including Credit Gilts and US Treasury Inflation Protected Securities TIPS resulting in record traded volumes. An RFQ platform for FX Options was also launched delivering a hybrid workflow with effective price discovery and the ability to disseminate liquidity to the market through an API. To read more visit our website. www.tpicap.com 23 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements derivatives business but also from their own FX business. Overall revenues have materially increased by 143 year on year. Following the acquisition of COEX at the end of November the full COEX results are now reported as part of the TP ICAP Group results so that one month of COEXs 2017 result is included in the income statement. Average broker headcount in the region was 7 lower than last year with average revenue per broker up 9 primarily as a result of the cost improvement programme. Periodend broker headcount was 1189 a pro forma basis. Overall revenue and contribution per broker increased during the year. In Global Broking a number of steps were taken to improve contribution including some rightsizing of broker headcount on certain desks some selective withdrawal from nonprofitable products and some measured adjustments to bonus structures. These actions were the principal reason for the improvement in the underlying operating profit margin. Financial and operating review continued TP ICAP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 26 Strategic report Overthecounter OTC market data pricing is scarce but the leading operator in the market TP ICAPs Data Analytics division provides this and more to our clients. Clients place their trust in our data which arms them with the intelligence they need to make informed choices. These include banks asset managers data aggregators risk departments academics and index manufacturers. We provide an extensive and wide ranging inventory of proprietary OTC data providing indicative pricing data generated by our brokers and through the application of analytics to indicate where markets are traded. We also continue to be the beneficiary of the changing regulatory environment as rules continue to develop. Case study Building the best source of OTC data Link to our strategy 2 4 5 8 As a result of MiFID II pre and posttrade transparency has been mandated across Europe for the first time. In 2017 we continued to innovate rolling out new services and products across a wide spectrum of asset classes.