 In addition during the year 2m of extensive external refurbishment works to Flaxman Court a sixstorey block in Camden containing 84 properties were completed. Divisional outlook The target for Property Services is to grow its operating margin to at least 3. Looking ahead to 2018 the strong order book is expected to deliver increased revenue and the operational leverage impact of additional volumes together with the benefit of the restructuring undertaken this year underpin the expected growth in margin towards this target. Progress against 2017 strategic priorities Improve customer service seeking innovative technological solutions We increased training in our MSi property management software and set up a Centre of Excellence for employees to share best practice and ideas. Ensure our projects contribute socially and economically The BasWorx social enterprise see opposite page provides training and work opportunities for local residents. In 2017 we ran three training programmes two for school leavers and one for older unemployed residents. Invest in training and development for employees We implemented 100 of our planned training programme for the year. Strategic priorities for 2018 Sustainable and profitable growth through contracts with existing customers and selected new opportunities Maximise the benefit from MSi creating client interfaces for direct access to the system Continue to drive purchase and subcontract savings while creating a more with higher barriers to entry see Slough regeneration scheme page 47. Regular monitoring and reporting of financial performance work won prospects and pipeline of opportunities. No change Exposure to UK housing market The UK housing sector is strongly influenced by government stimulus and consumer confidence. If mortgage availability and affordability are reduced this could make existing schemes difficult to sell and future developments unviable reducing profitability and tying up capital. There continues to be clear government and crossparty support in terms of housing supply policy and stimulus which complements our business model and market positioning. Sales volumes pace and inflation across the regions have all generally held up during EU discussions in both the investor and private markets albeit with some signs of plateauing in the London market. Dialogue continues with local authorities and housing associations not yet reflected in our pipeline. We are well positioned to support current and future affordable and regeneration housing with high demand across our existing property portfolio. Monitoring key UK statistics including unemployment lending and affordability. A residential portfolio that targets and supports the governments demand for housing supply and partnerships. Rigorous threestage approval process before committing to development schemes. A constrained land bank targeting option type agreements with owners that limit longterm exposure and boost return on capital employed. Largely nonspeculative riskshare development vehicles subject to viability conditions that minimise any negative impact from market fluctuations. High majority of schemes in partnership with the public sector and in regenerative areas that attract government EU labour in order to sustain construction output. To date we have not seen any significant impact however this is a concern that we need the government to resolve. The government remains committed to investment in housing supply and infrastructure. This commitment complements our business model which is designed to provide a mix of earnings across different market cycles. Opportunities have continued to flow in all our markets. There is high demand for our development and regeneration schemes with high barriers to entry which are now benefiting from historic investment. Competition in construction remains high against a backdrop of lower growth and rising inflation. However we are being selective and our procurement routes margins contract terms and order book remain favourable. Maintaining a high profile and competency in sectors identified for investment such as infrastructure housing and urban regeneration. Monitoring changes in the economy which helps us detect shifts in spending and adapt our strategy if necessary. Strategic focus on market spread geographical capability and diversification to protect against the cyclical effect of individual markets see At a glance section on the inside front cover and pages 4 to 5. Business planning that focuses on markets and opportunities consistent with our risk appetite. Committing only to viable development schemes allowing us to maximise our residential portfolio while responding quickly to any market changes. High proportion of our construction and regeneration order book secured with public sector and regulated entities. Construction and regeneration divisions work together adding value for clients and offering a scale of service that enables us to compete in areas with higher barriers to entry see Slough regeneration scheme page 47. Regular monitoring and reporting of financial performance work won prospects and pipeline of opportunities. No change Exposure to UK housing market The UK housing sector is strongly influenced by government stimulus and consumer confidence. If mortgage availability and affordability are reduced this could make existing schemes difficult to sell and future developments unviable reducing profitability and tying up capital. There continues to be clear government and crossparty support in terms of housing supply policy and stimulus which complements our business model and market positioning. Sales volumes pace and inflation across the regions have all generally held up during EU discussions in both the investor and private markets albeit with some signs of plateauing in the London market. Dialogue continues with local authorities and housing associations not yet reflected in our pipeline. We are well positioned to support current and future affordable and regeneration housing with high demand across our existing property portfolio. Monitoring key UK statistics including unemployment lending and affordability. A residential portfolio that targets and supports the governments demand for housing supply and partnerships. Rigorous threestage approval process before committing to development schemes. A constrained land bank targeting option type agreements with owners that limit longterm exposure and boost return on capital employed. Largely nonspeculative riskshare development vehicles subject to viability conditions that minimise any negative impact from market fluctuations.