 We have found that the improvements in technology have made it more expensive to repair vehicle damage which is offsetting the benefits from lower frequency of accidents. We expect these trends to continue in the future and we use our data and analytical skills to build these changes into our prudent underwriting approach. Hastings Group Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 16 Chief Executive Officers QA Q Can you tell us about corporate responsibility at Hastings A Its important for me and my colleagues to see firsthand the difference we can make through our charitable and community interactions so we focus our attention locally rather than supporting national or global initiatives. This approach is embraced by our colleagues through their fundraising efforts and participation in community days. As an example in July our leadership team took the opportunity to join forces to give back to the local community and say thank you for the past 20 years. The teams took part in beach cleaning student career advice and providing afternoon tea and bingo for older people and also ran charity shops with items donated by colleagues. It was great to give practical help as well as raise money for our local charity partners. I am very proud of the work we do with local students in Bexhill and Leicester through our Be the Change programme which aims to raise sites. In his seven years with us Toby has played a pivotal role in the significant growth and development of the Groups Retail business and he is a well respected leader within the Group. These credentials and his commitment to our 4Cs ways of working make Toby a natural successor to take Hastings forward to the next stage of its journey. I wish Toby every success in his new role. Gary Hoffman Chief Executive Officer 28 February 2018 Live customer polices 2.6 million Adjusted operating profit 184.1m 17 Strategic report Other information Financial statements Corporate governance Annual Report 2017 Hastings Group Holdings plc Whats shaping our market We review the trends and dynamics of our market on an ongoing basis to stay ahead of the curve in terms of competitive positioning. Our industry expertise informs how we develop products approach industry issues and ensure continuing growth. Distribution trends The private car van and bike insurance markets in the UK are some of the most competitive markets in the world. The internet and digital age have enabled customers to access a large amount of information about their car insurance quickly and the growth of price comparison websites PCW has been instrumental in creating such an environment. The number of cars on the road has remained relatively stable and grew by an average of 1 per year between 2007 and 2017. However over the same period the proportion of car new business sales from PCW has increased from 24 to 70. Consumers positive impressions they make on all our colleagues company customers and local communities. In 2017 we had over 2000 nominations and the winners of seven categories received their coveted awards at the annual 4Cs Awards final event. Be who you are Attracting recruiting and retaining talent is vitally important for us as we grow. Our agility clear identity and 4Cs way of working is why we stand out and what makes us who we are. Feedback from colleague surveys and focus groups tells us that although we do need to do some things better colleagues really like working at Hastings and feel they can truly be themselves and bring their personality to work. They feel supported by their colleagues that there is a strong sense of team and a focus on getting it right for customers. Rewarding hard work and dedication Working for Hastings is a blessing and I love working for a company that encourages me to be myself. Neha Kadiwar Team Leader Hastings Group Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 38 Corporate responsibility Equal opportunities and human rights We are committed to ensuring that everyone has the right to equal opportunities at all stages of recruitment selection and throughout their working careers. Short listing interviewing and selection is carried out without regard to gender gender reassignment sexual orientation marital or civil partnership status colour race nationality ethnic or national origin religion or belief or age. Diversity We regularly monitor all aspects of colleague diversity across the business. We consider to benefit our customers and colleagues. Each colleague is responsible for achieving the highest level of business conduct and for delivering our everyday activities in a way that reflects ethical principles. We play our part by inviting our customers to receive all their documentation electronically supporting local businesses with a range of unique offers that encourage and incentivise our colleagues to buy from local retailers suppliers and services promoting a Travel Green initiative that supports our colleagues in making greener journeys to work through car sharing increased cycle use and discounted rail travel dedicated recycle and confidential waste stations and at our head office site in Bexhill we send zero waste to landfill encouraging the use of travel mugs and water bottles to cut the use of disposable cups using reduced energy electric light bulbs and motion sensitive lighting where possible and practical and recycling unwanted furniture by donating it to local charities and organisations. Community With happy colleagues satisfied customers and a profitable Group we are able to take the 4Cs full circle by taking an active part in serving our communities. We do this by being a good neighbour investing in local education initiatives and being an ethical member of the financial services community. A good neighbour Our Charity Events Committee is made up entirely of colleagues who volunteer to organise fundraising events throughout the year for local charities nominated by colleagues.