 Our staff includes specialists in electronics software and control strategy mechanical and electrical design test and development vehicle attribute development prototype build programme management independent assurance signalling critical system design and development cost estimation atmospheric pollutant modelling environmental science and environmental economics. Our global infrastructure helps us to meet the needs of our customers. Ricardo now has 53 sites in 21 countries with technical centres in the US UK Netherlands Germany Italy Czech Republic and China supported by offices where a local presence is needed to service our customers. Engineers from the technical centres are deployed on projects across the globe using common engineering processes. Our Energy Environment consulting services are delivered mainly from the UK but the business is making increasing use of Ricardos global network in support of its growth objectives. Ricardos Rail and Strategic Consulting businesses have global teams operating from a number of different locations. Market sector highlights Automotive The Automotive sector remains the most significant for Ricardo. CO 2 reduction is a top global priority for this sector and is being driven strongly by consumers. Additionally the increased focus on air quality and in particular NO 2 emissions is resulting in demand for all aspects of vehicle electrification from mild hybrids to full battery electric vehicles EVs. Projections suggest that 30 of all new passenger cars will motorcycles scooters and urban mobility vehicles including their powertrains. We see growth in this market driven by tightening emissions legislation along with consumer demand for higher capacity motorcycles in developing markets. Rail Ricardo Rail delivered a strong performance throughout the year and reported a record yearend order book. The business is also well positioned to take advantage of positive trends within the global rail market namely high levels of newbuild activity and the opening up of a once notoriously parochial sector both of which are leading to the development of an increasingly globalised supply chain. This is particularly notable in our relationships with major international rolling stock manufacturers such as Hitachi Rail and CRRC where our established presence in their domestic markets has led to our involvement supporting the introduction of their vehicles into the European North American and Australasian markets. This year we set up a rail product development team to exploit opportunities for new technologies within the sector particularly in the area of asset optimisation. For example Ricardo Rails pantograph condition monitoring system PanMon which has recently been approved for use across the UK main line. The Belgian state railway operator InfraBel is also currently trialling the system with a view to an eventual certification for its own network. See case study on pages 60 to 63. Ricardo Certification Since achieving accreditation and to the date of this report Ricardo Certification has issued Over 30 Safety Assessment Reports as an Assessment Body under the EU Common Safety Method a range of self funded and collaborative programmes aligned with the enduring drivers of our markets. Our focus on timely and costeffective solutions for both products and processes is creating value both for Ricardo and our clients. 24 Ricardo plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 around 25 kW and inverter for 48V applications. The 48V system is targeted to be less costly than high voltage systems for small to medium sized passenger car applications Completing the design build test and evaluation of a new lithiumsulfur battery chemistry and developing an improved Ricardo battery management system targeting RD applications Manufacturing a lightweight differential rearwheel drive unit prototype. The ultralightweight prototype is 24 lighter than a current production unit and considerably more compact. The research project demonstrates Ricardos lightweighting expertise for tackling future driveline challenges including the integration of emachines Concluding the initial testing for the CryoPower programme which demonstrated the potential for circa 60 brake thermal efficiencies for heavyduty and large engine applications this technology injects a cryogen to decarbonise heavyduty power Progressing the nextgeneration direct injection gasoline engine programme. Test results demonstrate fuel consumption benefits in the range of 1216. The oncost of less than 20 per gkm CO 2 is competitive with other technologies and Generating realtime data using the SensorLife condition monitoring system analysing wind turbine drivetrain health on installed demonstration units of Ricardos MultiLife bearing system. The real time data is validating a predicted 500 improvement in bearing life. The demonstration unit is a 600 kW active wind emission regulation to a stage where tangible improvements would effectively show through in every new vehicle sold. In particular Diesel Particulate Filters DPFs became a standard fitment which if maintained correctly effectively eliminate the problem of particle emissions from diesel engines. The regulations enabled by the original work of the PMP now prescribe that in addition to meeting the previous massbased requirement new vehicles may not emit more than 6x10 11 particles per kilometre over the standard homologation drive cycle. This particle number limit is based on non volatile PN measurement above a size threshold of approximately 23 nanometres nm. This limit was established both in terms of what was practical to achieve accurately and in a repeatable manner at the time as well as representing the approximate primary particle size of soot or black carbon emitted as a result of incomplete combustion. Size matters The need to improve urban air quality is the major impetus for ongoing research by Ricardo and its partners on the PMP. This work is aimed at monitoring and regulating particle emissions down to sizes in the region of just 10 nm. There is a growing body of settled scientific opinion that the negative health effects associated with particulate emissions are more closely correlated with either the number of particles or the total surface area of those particles rather than with the overall mass emitted. There are in effect two reasons for this.