g. FNOL and portal processing PI Maximise opportunity provided by contract wins whilst cultivating existing relationships CC Develop new commercial relationships that drive leads and top line growth RP Continue to consider small earnings accretive acquisitions to enhance our existing divisions 10 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRATEGY IN ACTION Preparing for change investing in the future. This feedback informed our new advertising campaign which focuses on what our advisors do best conversations and the empathic and knowledgeable support that they provide. The Legal Support Advisors at NAH are experts in sensitively accompanying consumers through the complex and sometimes daunting process of making a claim. This new brand differentiates us not only from our previous marketing messages but also those of the majority of our competitors. For us and our consumers its about accessing justice. NAHs new strapline of When its wrong make it right reflects this focus on justice and now permeates all activities throughout the business. Government Consultation results NAH was ready In February 2017 the Government announced the results of its Consultation on reforming the soft tissue injury whiplash claims process which included Setting the small claims limit to 2000 for nonRTA and 5000 for RTA as against 5000 across the board as could have been the case. The Government will ban premedical offers to settle RTA related whiplash claims. The ban will cover both the offering and requesting of such settlements and there will be no exceptions to the ban. It is anticipated that these changes will take place no earlier than Q2 2019. The results were better than expected for NAH and the business was well placed to respond. NAH didnt wait for the announcement to come in order to plan for its future and so had been strategising around the possible outcomes for some time. As a result we were on the front foot when the announcement came enabling us to move forward with our plans for growth. Personal Injury 2017 has been a year of continued investment in the PI division with a number of new projects which we believe will further establish NAH as the company of choice for those who need to access justice. A fresh new brand We began the year by initiating our brand redesign and new campaign. Having carried out extensive research into the market and how it presents itself our new activities were borne out of this feedback. We discovered that our consumers often feel that they have been wronged by their injury it may have caused them to suffer long lasting effects meaning that their quality of life is changed or they may have lost earnings through being unable to work. In these circumstances they need the help that NAH can give to make it right Companies CMCs has dropped from a peak of 2500 in 201112 to approximately 670 5. The effect of previous legislation combined with a continuing lack of clarity surrounding the timing and impact of regulatory reforms has driven many smaller and midsized firms to question ongoing profitability causing uncertainty in decision making about future investment. This has depressed demand in the market as a whole for the traditional panel model and we expect this trend to continue albeit we plan to mitigate the effect of this through our combined ABS and PLF strategy. Critical Care focuses exclusively on the catastrophic injury market where we provide expert witness and case management services. Whilst not directly impacted by the proposed regulatory changes the contagion effect felt by law firms from lower value claims as well as the impact on insurers arising from the Ogden Reforms changes to the discount rate has resulted in some small changes in solicitor and insurer behaviour. The Groups third business RP is focused on lead origination and survey and search process management in residential property transactions and the challenges in this market are well documented. Poor availability of housing stock 30 year lows in home ownership continuing falls in new mortgage approvals and low levels of consumer confidence characterise the current climate. The Government has taken action to stimulate first time buyer transactions but this will take time to feed through. The market overall therefore remains challenging. PI Regulatory update In February 2017 the Government published its response the onthejob training that we have always provided. We were encouraged by the outputs from our annual employee engagement survey with overall engagement scoring over seven times the UK national average see page 28 for further information performing strongly in the areas of trust in leadership feeling valued and recommending the Group as a great place to work. Additionally staff turnover dropped by 6.8 percentage points yearonyear. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED 21 NAHL Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial statements Governance Strategic report Investment case Our key competitive advantages position us well to meet nearterm challenges and realise longterm opportunities. 1. Nationally recognised market leader in Personal Injury 2. Strong value set 3. Trusted brands 4. Multichannel fulfilment model 5. Technologyenabled proposition 6. Experienced leadership team 7. Careful financial management Group and employee support enabled us to contribute over 65000 to our chosen charities across the business. This once again reflects the caring culture of our organisation and the high level of engagement from our teams. Outlook Within PI the pace of regulatory implementation has been frustratingly slow causing continued market uncertainty but we have been very active in adapting and developing our business model in preparation for the changes. Our policy remains to increase investment in self processing. Whilst this results in some profits and cash being returned over future years as cases settle it inevitably impacts returns during the next 18 to 24 months as the initial investment continues to be made.