 Although the EU referendum result created a degree of uncertainty this has not to date been a significant cause for concern for the Group. We chose to defer launches for a short period while the immediate furore died down something that our focus on forward selling allows us the flexibility to do. Demand remained buoyant however and neither have we seen significant pressure on labour availability or materials due to the result especially as there has not been a dramatic increase in the supply of homes in London. We will continue to monitor the negotiations with the EU looking for stability throughout the process and assurances as soon as possible on the rights of EU workers to remain in the UK. We consider that these are already vital considerations for both sides which supports our confidence in continuing with our current strategy for growth. The shift of our business model towards build to rent has helped to cushion us from the impact of the tax changes. In any case sales to overseas investors have remained robust evidenced by the launches of the Liberty Building just over a year ago and more recently City North. We have seen particular success over the last three years in selling to investors based in China. This is despite any potential tempering of demand in relation to leaving the EU or the additional three per cent terms of our commitment to sustainability. We now have a Head of Sustainability and a fully fledged strategy Building a Living Legacy including a commitment to achieving a range of targets over the next seven years. We believe our skillset can be deployed to develop homes across London maintaining a strong pipeline of developments for individual buyers in nonprime locations and for build to rent investors. Another decision that has resulted from our increased scale is to target larger sites typically of 50 or more units in order to secure economies of scale. This also fits with the minimum scale of investment for most build to rent investors and ensures we are not spending time on smaller sites that historically contribute much less to profits and disproportionately take up operational capacity. Having a solid foundation of forward sold properties now allows us the flexibility to hold back some open market homes until later in the development time frame should we wish to take advantage of an active owneroccupier market supported in some instances by Help to Buy. We have seen recent success with Help to Buy at Bermondsey Works having held back the residual availability with that objective. SOUTH KILBURN NW6 Selected as the preferred partner to redevelop a 3.2 acre site Detailed planning consent for 236 homes close to Kilburn Park station Intend to start work later in 2017 with completion in 2021 Computer generated images OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19 KEY MANAGEMENT INFORMATION We anticipate that that makes Telford Homes a special place to work and I look forward to another exciting period of growth ahead. Jon DiStefano Chief Executive 30 May 2017 These targets address economic social and environmental aspects of building a sustainable business for the benefit of all our stakeholders. You can read more about this on page 38. Ever mindful of needing to work as efficiently as possible we have increased our adoption of modern methods of construction to speed up the delivery of certain developments something the Government has been encouraging the sector to do. Not only is this beneficial to our customers and investors but it also improves our return on capital. Examples include the offsite construction of brick cladding at our Manhattan Plaza development and the use of a lightweight metal frame structure at The Pavilions one of our build to rent schemes. Along with the rest of the industry we will be looking at how we can increase the use of these methods and others to deliver homes more quickly and efficiently. More detail on our strategy is available on page 12. Outlook We anticipate that the lack of supply of new homes relative to need in nonprime areas of London will continue to provide ample opportunity for the growth of Telford Homes in the foreseeable future. Our increased focus on build to rent with derisked sales requiring reduced levels of equity and no debt finance allows us to evaluate ways to grow at a faster rate. Although the development being sold for build to rent. The Group has excellent long term relationships and is well supported by the banks that fund the revolving credit facility. The Board is pleased to have added to these relationships with the new institutions involved in the facilities signed during the year. Telford Homes is in a strong financial position with significant headroom within existing debt facilities and equity available to enable the growth targeted over the next few years. Katie Rogers Group Financial Director 30 May 2017 FINANCIAL REVIEW 28 THE LIBERTY BUILDING E14 Residential development of 155 apartments Located close to Canary Wharf and Crossharbour DLR station Under construction with completion due in 2019 Computer generated images OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS KEY MANAGEMENT INFORMATION 29 PRINCIPAL RISKS UNCERTAINTIES DEVELOPING IN LONDON MANAGING RISK Risk Potential impact Mitigation Commentary Attracting and retaining highcalibre employees An inability to recruit and retain employees with appropriate skill sets can introduce cost delays in bringing developments forward or quality issues. Increased employee turnover can create instability and uncertainty. Skills and experience lost are difficult to replace and loss of knowledge within the business can affect overall efficiency. The Groups Human Resources programme includes management trainee schemes succession planning and training tailored to each discipline. Remuneration packages are benchmarked against industry standards to ensure competitiveness. Employee statistics including turnover and absence are monitored monthly. Exit interviews and an employee engagement survey are used to identify any areas for improvement.