 Relationships The Groups performance and value to our shareholders are influenced by other stakeholders principally our clients suppliers employees the Government and our strategic partners. Our approach to all these parties is founded on the principle of open and honest dialogue based on a mutual understanding of needs and objectives. Relationships with our clients are managed on an individual basis through our client relationship managers and consultants. Employees have performance development reviews and employee forums also provide a communication route between employees and management including SET GO. Mattioli Woods also participates in trade associations and industry groups which give us access to client and supplier groups and decisionmakers in Government and other regulatory bodies. Mattioli Woods is a member of the Association of Memberdirected Pension Schemes and the Quoted Companies Alliance. Resources The Group aims to safeguard the assets that give it competitive advantage including its reputation for quality and proactive advice its technical competency and its people. Our core values provide a framework for integrity leading to responsible and ethical business practices. Structures for accountability from our administration and consultancy teams through to SET GO and the Groups Board are clearly defined. The proper operation of the supporting processes and controls are regularly reviewed by the Audit Risk and Compliance Committee and take into account ethical considerations including procedures for whistleblowing. Our people advantage of new business opportunities with the number of consultants having increased to 115 2016 104 at the year joining the Group during the year. We are also developing programmes for life served people seeking exciting opportunities for a change in career or a return to work. We continue to expand our consultancy and technical teams to take Mattioli Woods plc Annual Report 2017 20 Chief Executives Officers review continued to our reputation as a result of poor client service and we are determined not to let standards slip. We address this through ongoing quality control procedures and the provision of regular training for all our staff. Pension regulations will continue to be reviewed. Future changes may not produce an environment that is advantageous to the Group and any changes in regulation may be retrospective. To address this risk we are committed to ensuring that our views are expressed during consultation exercises and that we respond positively and rapidly to new regulations. We also recognise that a significant skills shortage would represent a risk to growth. We are mitigating this risk through investment in our graduate apprentice and life served recruitment programmes and by providing incentives to motivate and retain our existing employees. Throughout the Group we have introduced Financial Assess a webbased training programme provided through the Chartered Insurance Institute written specifically from a financial services perspective. This training helps maintain staff competence and compliance within our organisation and brings a better understanding to all employees of the markets in which we operate. One source of revenue is based on the value of cash balances held in clients social responsibility We believe that running a profitable and growing business which creates jobs and contributes to the economic success of the areas in which it operates is a good platform for good corporate social responsibility. Mattioli Woods has a longstanding commitment to ensure our staff can engage with their local communities playing a valuable role by forming innovative partnerships with other organisations and charities. This social awareness is present throughout the business from our employees to our clients our professional connections and the suppliers we use. We have a high level of engagement within our local communities. Each year we sponsor both business sports and community awards. Our business has benefited greatly from winning numerous awards and we feel its right to help other businesses reap the rewards of such accolades. In addition we sponsor a variety of local clubs business and sports related events across the country. We believe this brings many benefits to the local community and beyond. The Group is pleased to continue sponsoring the Rothley 10k one of the most celebrated charity road running races in Leicestershire which attracted almost 800 runners in 2017 a new record for the race which again raised over 20000 of essential funds for a variety of local causes including LOROS Rainbows County Air Ambulance Service Age UK Eye Camps and RNLI. In 2015 we chose our first national charity Breast Cancer Now the UKs largest breast cancer charity dedicated to funding research into this devastating disease. By tackling the disease in the labs on the political agenda through public health information and with the health service it believes it can transform the outlook for everyone affected by breast cancer. To date the Group has raised over 127000 for the charity. Employees across the country have been involved in a number of activities to raise essential funding for this great cause including a group wide cycling challenge Tough Mudder in the Midlands the National Three Peaks Challenge the London and Edinburgh marathons Glack Attack in Aberdeen and numerous cake sales and challenges. We also continue to sponsor wheelchair racer Sammi Kinghorn who won two gold medals at the world para athletics championships in London in 2017 and now has her sights set on the 2018 Commonwealth Games. In addition we support many other smaller charities such as Newmarkets Open Door initiative which provides vulnerable people with supported housing and training opportunities Rainbow House in Preston a comprehensive programme for children young people and adults with neurological conditions and Project Luangwa an international charity supported by our Solihull team that provides education in Zambia through the construction of schools sponsoring of students and provision of educational materials. The Group continues to create opportunities for young people through both its Financial Services Development scheme and apprenticeship recruitment recently winning Apprenticeship Employer of the Year at the 2017 Leicester Apprenticeship Hub Graduation Ceremony. This year we are looking to recruit 24 graduates and increase our apprentice intake to 25.