 David Payne NonExecutive Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 03 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Dear Shareholder I am pleased to be able to report on another year of solid progress for Castleton. Following the acquisitive growth of FY2015 and FY2016 FY2017 has been a year of consolidation as we put in place firm foundations for the Group to build on its position as a successful niche player in software and IT managed services within the public sector market place. The acquisition of seven small companies brings great rewards but also significant integration efforts. Despite early teething issues previously noted Im delighted to say that the business has now dealt with these and as we enter our fourth year we fully expect the company to demonstrate its growth potential. With respect to the year under review I am encouraged that we have demonstrated our ability to improve the mix of sales as the Company has successfully transitioned to targeting multiyear SaaS software revenues whilst continuing to grow our overall sales. A key success in the year has been clearly demonstrating the highly cash generative nature of our business model which facilitated a reduction in our net debt. The Board There have been changes at Board level as the Group puts in place our foundations for future growth. Dean Dickinson joined the Board as CEO on 31 October 2016 replacing Ian Smith who became Executive Deputy Chairman We Do The markets in which we operate are focused around public sector and notforprofit social housing but also include the contractors who provide repairs services to the social housing providers. Castleton has six offices in the UK and a growing operation in Australia demonstrating our ability to grow and scale our business in a new geography. The Group remains aligned along two divisions Software Solutions and Managed Services with each focusing on their separate yet complementary offerings. Our Software Solutions division provides all key business processes to social landlords covering everything from tenant engagement rent collection financial planning and control document managing and repairs management. All key processes are available to be utilised on a mobile platform via apps or digital engagement. The range of solutions provides customers with significant improvements in service performance and insight. Our Managed Services division offers a wide range of IT Infrastructure solutions which support an organisations business objectives including helping to drive efficiencies manage legacy architectures or providing customers and staff with the latest social mobile and cloud technologies. Trading Results Revenue for the year showed an increase of 13 to 20.3 million 2016 18 million with in excess of 60 of revenue being recurring in nature 2016 58. Adjusted EBITDA showed a stronger performance improving by 22 to 4.4 million 2016 3.6 million reflecting the Companys operational gearing and ability to scale profitably. The underlying metrics of the business were particularly encouraging. The Managed Services divisions trading EBITDA grew 32 year on a pedigree of delivering solutions that meet customer needs whilst offering a refreshing change of culture and approach focusing on customer collaboration using modern technology. We see the public and notforprofit sectors as attractive markets due to their niche requirements and we believe a significant opportunity exists to capitalise on the ability to address historic underinvestment in IT infrastructure in those sectors. I am confident that the business is now in a position to maximise the opportunities that we see in our chosen markets by offering our customers an integrated suite of products either on an installed or cloud delivery basis in turn allowing them to increase efficiencies and lower their costs of operating. Post yearend we have had a number of successes selling our software products on a cloud basis. Combined with the general long term nature of the contracts entered into selling our products on a hosted basis gives greater recurring revenue and greater visibility of earnings and cash flow as we move forward. The new financial year has started well and in line with expectations. The Company has good visibility of revenues a strong and improving product suite combined with a defined roadmap for further development and an improved structure to enable us to execute our strategy. The existing customer base provides a significant opportunity for crossselling opportunities adding further organic growth along with new customers. The Board continues to view the future with confidence. Dean Dickinson Chief Executive 17 July 2017 08 Castleton Technology plc Annual within desired time frames if at all. Future business acquisitions could be material to the Company and it may issue additional equity to pay for those acquisitions which would dilute current shareholders ownership interest. Acquisitions could also require the Company to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In such a case it could become more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures. Jenny Y oung Company Secretary On behalf of the Board 17 July 2017 Registered Office 100 Fetter Lane London EC4A 1BN 14 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Board of Directors Executive Directors 1. Ian Smith Executive Deputy Chairman A highly experienced IT and communications industry developer of new business Ian has held senior sales positions with Dataworkforce Cisco Systems Foundry Networks and Cable Wireless. Most recently for seven years as CEO of Xploite plc Ian was responsible for the buy build and sell strategy that saw 26 corporate transactions including two substantial disposals and the creation and return of c. 20 million of cash to the companys shareholders. NonExecutive Directors 2. Dean Dickinson Chief Executive Officer Dean joined Castleton in October 2016. Dean was previously Managing Director of Advanced Business Solutions part of Advanced Computer Software Group Limited previously Advanced Computer Software plc ACS where he led the impressive growth of the Public Sector and Enterprise division following the acquisition of COA Solutions in 2010.