 This year weve unveiled our new business unit structure and corporate strategy to continue on this journey. Financial strength enables an organisation to take choices about how it deploys resources and the services it prioritises. In the following sections we have summarised the choices we have made. We are a strong financially viable organisation with an efficient operating model that delivers Value for Money and we are well placed to continue supplying new homes to meet the strong housing demand in our geographic area. We exist to help those who can not currently afford to rent or buy through the private market to access a home. We continue to operate within a tight geographical area between Oxford and Cambridge centred on Bedford. These areas have some of the most expensive housing in the country where house prices are commonly between 1012 times the average salary. Whilst this is generally an economically active area with high levels of employment there are some areas of economic deprivation. Across the region many people in low paid employment can not access housing privately so the need for affordable housing remains acute. We serve a diverse customer group including tenants shared owners and Help to Buy customers with a range of ages and economic circumstance who have different service Property Services team in January 2017 after joining bpha in July 2014 as a Help to Buy Assistant. Having studied Surveying and Construction Management at College Jordan was interested in a career in that industry particularly in social housing so was keen to work for bpha after we were recommended by friends. Jordan says Im not an academic person but after getting career advice I was interested in construction so did a course and really enjoyed it. I knew people who worked for bpha had recommended it and said there was opportunity to move around and develop your career so I kept an eye out for a position and secured a role in the Help to Buy team and am now a Surveyor. Whats good about bpha is having a work environment where people are nice and welcoming and want to help you progress and are very supportive whatever you want to achieve. 12 Attracting new skills the nonexecutive perspective. Effective strategic leadership looks both inside and outside. Having a unitary Board with members bringing a blend of different industry and sector experience gained at Board level brings the outside in ensuring the organisation learns from best practice and has appropriate skills to meet the organisations needs. We believe good Board leadership is all about constructive challenge and strategic thinking focusing energies on always looking a little further into the future. Its about really ensuring that all angles have been looked at and always pushing to see if our performance of our affordable housing on the site meets the highpriority need for affordable family homes in the area. The Wixams development plan is inspired by Ebeneezer Howards Garden City Movement in which open space and landscape work together with buildings to create distinctive places. Because the demand for new housing in our operating area significantly exceeds our capacity to supply it we have established a process to determine where our development resources should be best invested to deliver the greatest Value for Money. Our development model enables us to grow both bottom line surplus and balance sheet strength. We drive this by applying strict development criteria to maximise return and minimise risk. Development criteria In assessing whether to commit to a development the following factors are modelledapplied Conservative key development assumptions are used. All significant proposed schemes are subject to internal scrutiny and formal reporting from treasury employees who are independent of the development department. Internal Rate of Return IRR must achieve a minimum hurdle rate set on the basis of IRR hurdle 30 year cost of funds interest cover requirements risk buffer uplift Developments must normally enhance balance sheet value i.e. asset value generated for charging as security is greater than net development cost so that overall balance sheet capacity is enhanced. Our business plan is regularly remodelled throughout the year. Impact of potential future schemes is formally reviewed against the updated business plan to ensure continued sufficiency of liquidity and security and avoidance of overcommitment. Two development schemes effectiveness of controls for all areas of the business in a rolling programme bespoke audits for new risks when appropriate. Annual external audit. Specialist support commissioned when appropriate. Reports to HCA through a range of regulatory returns. ISO 9001 assurance. The control framework is underpinned by monthly performance reports which are used to monitor performance against annual targets. These reports include monitoring of customer satisfaction housing management financial results and repairs and maintenance performance and where applicable KPIs are benchmarked both with HouseMark peer group results and other sources. Service Improvement Panel meeting. The Board has determined that the system of internal control is effective. 35 Report and financial statements 2017 Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Governance Likelihood scoring Impact scoring Assurance We have a framework in place to provide assurance that risks are properly managed 12 RARE 34 UNLIKELY 78 LIKELY 56 POSSIBLE 910 ALMOST CERTAIN 12 VERY LOW 34 LOW 78 HIGH 56 MEDIUM 910 VERY HIGH When scoring we consider all possible impacts including impact on service and people reputation and nancial. This process is subject to moderation and review as follows Quarterly review and update of risk register by Heads of Service Executive Leadership Team review and moderate to establish top risks Consolidated risk register updated and risk maps for top two tiers produced Report to Audit and Risk Committee and Board 1st Line of Defence Frontline response Frontline operational activities e.g.