 During the year the extension to the original licence was approved for Smirnovskoye and the licence extension is valid until September 2019. In relation to Drozhilovskoye we do not see any issues in obtaining the license as we have satisfied all the requests for information from the relevant ministry. Administrative delays have held up the licence and we are now expecting to receive the signed licence in Q2 2018. The Company is now in a new phase of development and moving towards production. We have entered into talks with interested parties in particular with China Molybdenum which has expertise in processing our particular minerals. The economics of moving to production have changed as commodity prices have stabilised and with the inclusion of Lithium in the profit generation models the projects are more economically viable. One of the key steps moving forward is to update and more clearly define the resources. The Company undertook exploration drilling in Q1 2018 at the Drozhilovskoye site the results of which were very encouraging as announced by the Company on 19 March 2018. This drilling was undertaken by an external geological firm and the results of which will prove useful in bringing partners on board to develop the site. In addition a Competent Persons Report is shortly to be commissioned under the JORC code. This will provide further external verification of the resources on both sites. We are keen to press forward with the plans the date of signing. The Company has been moving forward with the development of the sites with a view to moving to production. The initial starting point is the analysis of samples that were extracted at Drozhilovskoye. Once this has been completed and the technological basis for extracting the three principal minerals Molybdenum Tungsten and Lithium from the ore a production plan will be established. It is envisaged subject to sourcing additional funding that a pilot plant will be established with an initial run rate of 300000t or ore per annum. The full production plant will be significantly higher than this at approx. 3mt of ore being processed. Exploration Work Update The latest drilling and analysis work clarified the geological structure of the Drozhilovskoye field and confirmed that the tungsten and molybdenum minerals are isolated and that they can be selectively mined. The work also confirmed the presence of significant amounts of high quality lithium. The work undertaken by the Company internally has allowed a reestimation of the contained metal content of both molybdenum and tungsten resources and provides a first estimate for the lithium resource all with a cutoff grade of 0.05. The drilling consisted of number of bore holes totaling 534 metres and 417 samples were taken for analytical review. Please refer to the Companys RNS dated 19 March 2018 for further information. Further development of the asset The Companys lead specialists recently visited Chinese research institutes to familiarise themselves with the technology and discuss the detailed procedures economic exploitable reserves. This work was further enhanced by additional drilling in Q1 2018 which revealed the presence of significant amounts of Lithium. At current and projected future projected prices of the commodities the indicative NPV is positive. There has been significant interest in particular from a Chinese based Company China Molybdenum with a view to finalising an offtake agreement for purchasing an initial trial batch. Subject to sourcing the necessary funding the Company is in the process of developing plans to put in place a pilot plant with the intention to move forward to commercial production after an assessment of the initial production results. As at 31 December 2017 the Group had cash on hand of 16000 2016 59000 and at the reporting date the Groups liabilities exceeded its assets by 2991000 2016 2473000. The parent Company has an agreement with Amrita Investment Limited a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and ultimately controlled by the Assaubayev family under this facility there is an amount of approximately 4.5m available to be applied towards working capital requirements. The initial loan of 7m was entered into on 4 February 2013 and was repayable on the earlier of the fifth anniversary of the agreement or when an equity fundraising is undertaken that raises at least 5000000 before expenses at which point the Lender may choose to convert the loan into the ordinary shares of the Company at the conversion rates stipulated by the agreement. The loan was extended in May 2018 in Kazakhstan. The exploration and evaluation work conducted so far indicate substantial economic exploitable reserves. This work was further enhanced by additional drilling in Q1 2018 which revealed the presence of significant amounts of Lithium. At current and projected future projected prices of the commodities the indicative NPV is positive. There has been significant interest in particular from a Chinese based Company with a view to finalising an offtake agreement for purchasing an initial trial batch. Subject to sourcing additional funding the Company is in the process of developing plans to put in place a pilot plant with the intention to move forward to commercial production after an assessment of the initial production results. As at 31 December 2017 the Group had cash on hand of 16000 2016 59000 and at the reporting date the Groups liabilities exceeded its assets by 2991000 20162473000. The parent Company has an agreement with Amrita Investment Limited a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and ultimately controlled by the Assaubayev family under this facility there is an amount of approximately 4.5m available to be applied towards working capital requirements.