 3 QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report At a glance Chairmans statement The expertise of our people is in high demand as customers look for innovative ways to defeat new threats to security. Achieving our ambition of becoming the chosen partner requires a relentless focus on meeting the needs of our customers both in our home markets and overseas. Mark Elliott Nonexecutive Chairman Context FY17 will be remembered as the year in which many of the worlds most newsworthy events were influenced by the challenges being created by globalisation and a marked return to national politics. Over the summer I engaged in discussions with Nonexecutive Directors of other companies listed on the London Stock Exchange about the risks and opportunities presented by Brexit. In the United States where I have spent much of my working life some of the political and economic conventions that have been in place for many years are being challenged and the Board and I are working closely with QinetiQs US leadership team to ensure that we are responding effectively to the new realities. In defence and security we are seeing increasing complexity with nations facing multiple global threats from both state and nonstate actors. In this environment QinetiQ continues to play a vital role making connections between technologies across supply chains and internationally to support government customers with the rapid development of new capabilities to combat these threats our activities internationally in relation to both organic and inorganic efforts and encouraging a more global mindset. In December 2016 we acquired Meggitts Target Systems business now renamed QinetiQ Target Systems QTS both to reinforce our core TE value proposition and accelerate the delivery of our strategic priority to drive international growth. The business generates 90 of its revenues from outside the UK and is well aligned with our capabilities in the management of complex exercises and provision of test evaluation and training services thus expanding our core capability overseas. We are now uniquely placed to meet growing demand for mid and highfidelity targets to test defence capabilities against a greater diversity of threats. The acquisition also opens up new routes to market to promote our wider service offerings to QTSs international customer base. A key element of our international strategy is to build our presence and capability in our home markets outside the UK notably the US and Australia. QinetiQ North America delivered very good orders and revenue performance in FY17. With growing defence ambitions and close to the rapidly evolving Asia Pacific region Australia is a particularly attractive market and our business there had a record year for orders. In January 2017 we also acquired RubiKon Group which brings integrated logistics support capabilities to QinetiQ Australia. RubiKon strengthens our ability to offer integrated whole programme solutions that are often required for strategic partner style contracts which are being used increasingly by the Australian Government. In FY18 we intend to build on the progress we are making in our existing home markets by increasing our sales presence in regions such as the Middle East and Asia Pacific. Negotiations over the UKs exit from the EU add complexity to our strategy for growth in Europe. However many government relationships for defence and security particularly in Europe are underpinned by bilateral and multilateral agreements. Innovation As customers demand more capability and as the boundaries between defence and commercial technologies become increasingly blurred valuecreating innovation is vital to maintaining our distinctiveness in the marketplace. Technical innovation has been at the heart of QinetiQs success to date and will remain a key source of growth into the future. However turning creativity and technical innovation into tangible value for our customers increasingly requires innovative thinking across the broader range of activities. In FY17 we established business winning campaigns supported by Internal Research and Development IRAD to drive commercial innovation new processes and innovative business models. For each campaign we consider the people investments and partnerships we need to be successful. For example to support the campaign to exploit our worldclass capability in secured navigation receivers we signed a global alliance agreement with Rockwell Collins the market leader in secure military GPS receivers. We have identified more than 30 growth campaigns in pursuit of material opportunities all of which are worth tens of millions of pounds and in some cases more. We are not going to win every campaign but the scale of the total use at several highprofile events including the US Presidential inauguration ceremony. Investing in innovation The business leads research framework contracts for the UK MOD managing a network of more than 100 UK SMEs as well as innovation initiatives for local and regional governments to support local business growth. This includes bringing together expertise in technology horizon scanning human sciences commercial offtheshelf exploitation and experimentation as a service to help customers keep pace with the rapidly evolving technical and social media landscape. During the year the business secured contracts totalling 10m for secured navigation working with European and UK Government customers to enable the effective exploitation by users of the Galileo constellation of satellites the European Union version of GPS which goes live in FY21. This included the first demonstration of accessing the encrypted Public Regulated Service PRS in reallife applications. The business has built on this success by agreeing a partnership to go to market with Rockwell Collins around the globe. International 8 of EMEA Services revenue On 1 April 2016 a new International business was established to deliver our capabilities in international markets. In January 2017 the Group acquired RubiKon Group an Australian integrated logistics support provider. The acquisition allows QinetiQ Australia to provide a more comprehensive service offering to customers and pursue strategic partner opportunities with the Australian Government.