 We offer a range of interestfree options to our customers to allow more affordable payments. Further exchange rate fluctuations could lead to cost pressure. We work closely with our suppliers and will attempt to minimise any impact on our cost base and our retail pricing strategy. Competition The Group operates in competitive and fragmented markets and against a wide variety of retailers and may face increased competition in its target markets. Failure to be aware of or respond to key changes in the competitive environment is a risk to our future success. We continue diversifying and developing our proposition for customers as part of our Group strategy. We continually respond to changing patterns in demand in our core market that broadens our appeal and sales base. We actively monitor sales performance product and advertising performance and competitor activity. We have carried out a comprehensive review of our advertising strategy to ensure that we are reaching our target audience effectively. Regulation and compliance Many of the Groups activities are facing increasing legislation and standards including trading advertising product quality health safety the environment data protection and the Bribery Act. Failure to comply with these may risk incurring financial or reputational damage. Changes to the regulation of product warranties could affect future sales. We actively monitor compliance with our existing obligations and we maintain internal policies and procedures. Colleagues are kept informed of these requirements via regular briefings and internal early discussion of possible issues increasing the chances of positive solutions. The committed bank revolving credit facility has been agreed and is in place until October 2018. Suppliers provide regular updates on their credit insurance arrangements. See the viability statement on page 31 for further information. Supply chain infrastructure A large proportion of the Groups products are supplied by a small number of key manufacturers. A supplier that ceases to trade could cause disruption to the supply of products to customers. Around onethird of the total products sold by the Group are manufactured in the Far East which could present difficulties in ensuring supplier compliance and an ethical supply chain. The Group has longestablished and good working relationships with its key suppliers. When sourcing products we ensure that at least two factories can produce each product providing resilience. We independently monitor supplier financial stability to identify any early signs of failure. We have updated our Service Level Agreements with all our suppliers to ensure that they meet our business requirements. Suppliers are expected to be members of Sedex the supplier ethical data exchange and agree to audits of manufacturing facilities. Brand and reputation The Group recognises the need to protect its brand and reputation failure to do so effectively could result in a loss of confidence by customers and or colleagues. Key aspects of our business activities that have the potential to impact reputation are monitored closely. We regularly survey customer service levels for example through Trustpilot and product quality allow them to attend their chosen course. Using this approach is key to the development of our distribution teams in identifying potential drivers whilst offering career progression and promotion. We are working on our current training strategy to ensure that we optimise use of the Apprentice Levy and currently have three apprentices working via the levy programme. In addition to external courses we produce bespoke development events to increase the capability of our people and support them through product and policy changes. Using technology to deliver some learning interventions means our training can be more costeffective and highly responsive in terms of identifying best working practices. This drives a consistent performance standard throughout the business. We reward our store teams through resultsfocused bonus and commission schemes which allow our retail sales teams to earn rewards commensurate with performance. In May 2015 we launched a share incentive plan that will allow all employees the opportunity to participate in the future success of ScS. COMMUNITY Every year we work with and support various local and national charities community and voluntary organisations to help make a positive contribution to their services and fundraising activities. From local childrens cancer charities child and adult hospice services to highprofile fundraising appeals such as Children in Need and Macmillans Biggest Coffee Morning as a nationwide retailer we aim to support activities which have a positive impact within our local communities and which are close to the hearts and minds of our employees. During the year we made of fundraising events including Macmillans Coffee Morning Comic Reliefs Red Nose Day Children in Need Bradley Lowerys Football Shirt Day Save the Childrens Christmas Jumper Day and more. Together the team have raised and donated more than 2000 during the year. Our Manchester store made a 1000 donation to the Manchester Emergency Appeal following the tragic events at Manchester Arena to help locals rebuild their lives. Employee Trevor jumped into action to raise funds for Bradley Lowerys fight against neuroblastoma taking up the challenge of a sponsored skydive. Trevor raised 1500 through sponsorship from his friends and colleagues. The ScS team held a silent auction to raise funds for Leicesters Childrens Hospital. The auction part of the Groups annual recognition and awards evening generated 10000 which was doubled by the Company totalling 20000. The funds are already being utilised to enhance their provisions for sick babies and children making their hospital stays more comfortable and homely. Furnishing the future Standing together for Macmillan We have a real passion for great furniture and we know the comfort value and significance the humble sofa often plays in households across the UK and beyond. Using our skills and experience in this area in 2017 we donated a custommade armchair to Hazel Oak School an all age special school for children with moderate learning difficulties in Solihull.