 Our aim is to be recognised as the company that provides the best value funeral service regardless of how simple or traditional. Adjusting pricing is relatively straightforward but the greater challenge is building the infrastructure and developing the sta necessary to provide excellent service. We believe this is where the years of investment in our facilities and sta training will pay dividends for us as a company but also for our clients. It means we can oer them unrivalled service at each product and service level they choose and at a price that is competitive. This is the repositioned Dignity. Leveraging the strong fundamentals of our business A new pricing strategy and market positioning Unrivalled standards Competitive pricing and continued excellent client service 8 Overview 01 03 Strategic Report 04 43 Governance 44 74 Financial Statements 75 129 Other Information 130 132 Chief Executives review continued A changing and increasingly competitive environment. 08 Dignity plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Market overview The UK funeral market is getting more complex. The internet is beginning to play an increasing role and consumer behaviour is beginning to change. After years of declining deaths and a signicant rise in the number of funeral directors although deaths are now projected to increase in the coming years there are around 30 per cent fewer deaths per funeral director in the UK compared to 25 years ago. Clients are becoming more pricesensitive and are shopping around more. The Group monitors and responds to the environment is the largest funder of independent research in the UK. Fundraising initiatives included sponsored walks marathons fun runs and skydives selling lapel badges charity football events car washes carol services and numerous coee mornings and cake sales. Dignity also gave clients the option to make a charitable donation when adding a remembrance message to our Christmas memorial trees. During the last 12 months Dignity employees have also taken part in national campaigns such as Bag It Beat It where sta donated unwanted clothes books CDs and DVDs to the charitys shops in order to replenish their stock. The Companys crematoria are also part of a national scheme where metal is recycled and the prot donated to this worthy cause. Making a meaningful difference at the heart of our local communities. Dignitys corporate charity 230000 In 2017 Dignity raised 230000 for its corporate charity the British Heart Foundation. Overview 01 03 Strategic Report 04 43 Governance 44 74 Financial Statements 75 129 Other Information 130 132 Corporate and social responsibility continued Health Safety and Environmental performance 42 Dignity plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Working safely in the workplace Dignity is committed to protecting as far as reasonably practicable the health and safety of its employees and visitors to its premises. Our employees recognise this commitment and that workplace safety remains a key priority. Working in a safe environment allows our people to focus on delivering excellent service to our clients. Protecting our people also supports employee engagement and retention. Governance and standards with professional mortuaries and embalming facilities that meet health and safety legislation. When we buy funeral businesses we often nd that the largest area for capital expenditure is behind the scenes. In 2017 Lorna BrierleyDavies an Embalmer based at Dignitys Business Centre in North West London received The Trustees Award from the British Institute of Embalmers for achieving a mark of 100 per cent in her practical exam. Dignity plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 43 CDP encourages best practice in reporting and reducing environmental impact through a scoring process. Scoring is based on a number of criteria designed to assess our Energy Management practices and Environmental Strategy specically around Performance and Reporting Risk Management and Business Strategy in relation to Climate Change. Dignitys 2017 submission achieved a B rating with A being the highest and E being the lowest ratings. During the period Dignity also reported on water and waste management under the Scope 3 requirements. ESOS compliance Dignity qualies for the Energy Savings Opportunity Scheme ESOS. Having completed an ESOS assessment during 2015 we are not required to submit another report until 2019. Greenhouse gas emissions reporting for 2017 The Group reports its greenhouse gas to CDP on an annual basis in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent resulting from the combustion of fuel direct Scope 1 emissions and that resulting from the purchase of electricity indirect Scope 2 emissions. The emissions for the last ve years are as follows 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Scope 1 15535 15616 Align rewards with the interests of shareholders Motivate and encourage superior performance Allow the Group to retain the talent needed to execute its business strategy Enable the Group to be competitive when recruiting appropriately skilled and experienced management and Ensure that the overall package for each Director is linked to strategic objectives of the Group. The table on pages 60 and 61 summarises the main components of Dignitys ongoing remuneration policy. Details of how the Committee will implement the policy are provided in the Annual Report on Remuneration on page 64. Overview 01 03 Strategic Report 04 43 Governance 44 74 Financial Statements 75 129 Other Information 130 132 Element Purpose and link Operation Maximum opportunity Framework used to to strategy assess performance Essential to recruit and retain executives of a high calibre. Reects an individuals experience role and performance. Base salary Salaries are paid monthly. They are normally reviewed annually and xed for 12 months commencing 1 January. In deciding appropriate levels the Committee takes into account the role experience responsibility and performance individual and Group increases applied to the broader workforce and relevant market information for similar roles in broadly similar UK listed companies and companies of a similar size. There is no prescribed maximum. Generally the Committee is guided by average increases across the workforce.