 Having been associated with significant mining projects for a large part of my career I take great comfort that this expected success of our business goes well beyond the investment proposition. The efforts of our team and supporters are already creating positive tangible economic change in the UK and we look forward to doing so for many years to come. Global For me it is very important that POLY4 can contribute to easing the challenge of global food security. Fertilizers are fundamental to improving agricultural yields and helping to address the forecasted imbalance between food supply and demand. Global population is growing at a rapid rate and with it the requirement for more food. Unless more effective more efficient and sustainable practices are adopted farmers and food producers will struggle to bridge the gap between supply and demand. Our global research and development programme is demonstrating that POLY4 delivers greater nutrient uptake and improves both yield and quality on multiple crops in varying geographic conditions across the world. Sirius team has already demonstrated their ability to deliver successful outcomes in the face of challenges others have considered overwhelming. In order to achieve our vision and ensure the potential benefits for all stakeholders come to fruition the tenacity and determination which has defined our Company to date will continue to stand us in good stead as we progress further into this current independently validated dataset which demonstrates the efficacy of POLY4 on a wide range of different crops in varying geographic and climatic conditions. Leading industry participants and potential customers are excited by the prospects of POLY4 and are enthusiastic about introducing it into their product portfolios. During 2017 we articulated the four cornerstones of POLY4 Effectiveness Efficiency Flexibility and Sustainability. The cornerstones describe POLY4s unique value proposition and are proving to be an effective marketing tool. I encourage you to visit the POLY4.com website to learn more about the product. Penetrate existing markets and drive longterm value We have a threestep approach to our marketing strategy Substitution utilising POLY4 as a substitute for other existing fertilizers which include one or more of the same primary nutrients contained in polyhalite. This disruptive approach will ensure POLY4 is widely available in all markets. Market growth today there is an unmet demand for lower chloride potassium sources and making POLY4 widely available at a commercial price point will unlock new sources of demand and opportunities to adopt greener and more sustainable agricultural practices. Performance our successful extensive crop trial programme consistently demonstrates strong performance from POLY4 and we believe this performance will underpin premium pricing for the product over the long term. COMPANY VALUES Responsibility Ownership Belief Urgency Safety Team PLEASE VISIT OUR PRODUCT WEBSITE POLY4.COM ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT 20 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Chief Executives review continued The Company continues to work hard at building its to the harbour facility on Teesside thus enabling the efficiencies which come with close proximity to an export facility. 20 Mtpa capacity Kai Tai Transfer System HK STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 26 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 DEVELOP AN INDUSTRY LEADING PRODUCT Strategy in action continued 2 POLY4 is the trademark name of Sirius Minerals flagship granular polyhalite product. In addition to nutritional benefits brought about by the chemical composition of POLY4 our product has a range of characteristics which distinguish it from existing products and make it an attractive option for end users. POLY4 has four key attributes that benefit farmers by increasing their profits in a sustainable way through improved crop yields reduced costs or both. 1. Efficiency POLY4 is an efficient multinutrient fertilizer Improves fertilizer use efficiency by delivering greater nutrient uptake High nutrient density delivers four macronutrients in one easytouse costeffective granular delivery system. Trial results show that POLY4 delivers better nutrient uptake for both macro and micronutrients. This is a key profit driver as more nutrients are used by the crop for yield and quality improvements. POLY4s multinutrient properties help farmers to control costs by decreasing fertilizer and farm inputs while reducing nutrient waste by delivering nutrients over a time frame which more closely aligns with the needs of a plant. POLY4s nutrient release profile supports the crop from establishment through to harvest compared to conventional fertilizers which tend to be applied and deliver nutrients ahead of crop demand. 27 address the imbalance. Unless nutrient deficits are addressed nutrient mining will increase year on year. Sustainable product characteristics are becoming more attractive to customers. The worlds population is predicted to hit 9.8 billion by 2050. Over the next 35 years more food needs to be produced than has been to date in human history. The pressure this places on the agricultural industry will require farmers to use balanced fertilization to increase yields. Application of fertilizers is identified as a significant source of greenhouse gases. Increased fertilizer use requires an everincreasing need to improve fertilizer use efficiency. The estimated value of global warming potential GWP of POLY4 is 0.051kg CO 2 e per kg of product considerably lower than other potassium and sulphurbased fertilizers. 3. Performance Application of lowchloride potassium fertilizers has been shown to improve crop yield quality and taste and also improve plant resistance to drought frost insects and diseases. This combined with the multi nutrient composition of our product means POLY4 has universal application. Our extensive RD programme demonstrates POLY4 can be used on a multitude of crops in numerous geographies with varying climatic conditions. The way POLY4 interacts in the soil and its interplay between chemical elements means crucial nutrients are readily available when plants need them throughout the growing cycle. These benefits manifest in increased yields and stronger healthier crops.