 After four years of rapid expansion including the corporate acquisition of Barker Poland Asset Management LLP in 2015 we are currently concentrating on successfully delivering the many continuing initiatives to deliver growth and satisfy increasing regulatory obligations. The Board is acutely aware of the demands our recent expansion has placed on our personnel particularly the financial compliance and operational teams in Romford where we maintain investment and increase resources to mitigate the risks associated with growth. Culture governance and the Board By setting the right example at the top the Board has prioritised the communication of good conduct and the appropriate culture across all who represent the Company. 07 Strategic report Walker Crips Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We are even more committed now to increasing our service proposition through greater use of technology in a way that is relevant to clients intermediaries and our own advisers. We expect all personnel to exemplify good culture and behaviour to achieve good outcomes for clients and market contacts. Those aspects which need to be cascaded down throughout the organisation are identified by implementing a formal process of measuring and reporting against suitable metrics. The Executive Directors and senior management through daily contact with employees and associates alike endeavour to demonstrate strong leadership and to be inspiring role models while providing effective supervision. Directors account executives and staff After another year of attracting new revenue to 0.25 and introduced a new quantitative easing programme to shore up confidence. Although tenyear gilt yields rose off their postBrexit vote lows of 0.51 August 2016 having fallen from 1.60 April 2016 they rose to 1.51 in January 2017 before retreating to March 2017 lows of 1.07. In the quarter following the referendum commercial property investment stalled with the IPD Index falling over 2 although this was to pick up through the year end and into 2017. Inflation stayed persistently low at 1.3 in September and October 2016 but a recovery in energy prices and rising food inflation led to a spike in inflation in 2017 resulting in CPIH reaching 2.3 in March 2017. Inflation over the medium term has been expected to be close to the Bank of Englands upper limit of 3 due to a buoyant economy low unemployment imported inflation on the back of weak Sterling as well as the longerterm effects of Brexit. Our position in the market We continue to realise our aim of building an integrated Investment Management and Wealth Management business for high net worth and mass affluent clients from bases in London York Birmingham and selected regions. The growth in Assets Under Management and Administration AUMA in 201617 has come from new clients attracted through new Investment Managers who have joined recently and through the positive performance and increasing values of the underlying investments themselves. We see continued AUMA growth coming from opportunities in changes of pensions legislation from ongoing referrals and introductions from clients and intermediaries and from new joiners who bring their clients. We maintain our culture and the appeal of independence flexibility and integrity alongside our Associate model with a predominant focus on achieving the right customer outcomes. We compete with our peers and larger institutions who aim to direct their clients into services that suit those firms own corporate needs. Larger competitors limit the service that they offer to clients in order to simplify their offering at the expense of client choice. We also seek to develop revenue streams that constitute an increasing percentage of fees adding complementary businesses without detracting from investment management and wealth management. The opportunities afforded by the increased pension freedom represent a substantial shift in the way in which SIPPs and SSASs can be viewed and in particular the potential for using personal pensions in different ways and the shift from defined benefit schemes to defined contribution schemes including SIPPs. The year ahead Whilst a high level of uncertainty continues to pervade the economic geopolitical and specifically UK political status quo markets remain threatened with potential volatility. Risk assets which have been bought and held by those with cash or with the ability to raise finance at the extremely low prevailing interest rates continue to reach recent and alltime highs. We continue to believe in the importance of dividend income in this low interest rate environment however some equity valuations are being stretched. Signals of the beginning of the end of European observed by both our advisers and clients. We continue our focus on culture and behaviour in line with good principles of conduct. This followed a review of our risk management processes including the further development and enhancement of our conduct risk framework and policy. The Financial Conduct Authority FCA Principles for Businesses remain our most important benchmarks and we strive to conduct our business with integrity and put client interests at the heart of what we do. An ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board has been conducted as well as its structure skill sets and experience. We are aware of areas where we need to improve and by working together we are already dealing with more precise succession planning better quality Board papers produced more timely and improving the metrics by which the attainment of good culture is being developed throughout the organisation. As a result we strengthened the Board with the formal appointment into a newlycreated role of Group Compliance Director Guy Jackson in May 2016. The Nomination Committee was heavily involved in the recruitment process and continues to review and plan Board succession for the medium and long term. Another key appointment to the Board was made on 31 March 2017 when Clive Bouch joined us as a NonExecutive Director. He has been formally appointed as Joint Chair of the Audit Committee and I look forward to working with him.