 Valuation basis is agreed upfront and documented in a shareholders agreement. The valuation is typically based on the average profit after tax for the previous three full years before the shares are sold using Empresarias trading multiple share price divided by last EPS less 0.5 to ensure it is earningsaccretive to Empresarias shareholders. The multiple is capped at a maximum of 10. 6 Empresaria Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Focus on growth markets We target businesses that operate in growth regions and sectors. We have a good spread across both established and emerging staffing markets and across different industry sectors. By having a balanced and diversified spread of operations across different markets we are not reliant on any single market and can mitigate the impacts of a slowdown in any particular market. Net fee income by geography UK 34 Germany Austria 22 Americas 11 Australia New Zealand 11 Japan 8 South East Asia 7 India 4 Middle East 1 China Hong Kong 1 Other 1 Net fee income by sector Professional services 10 IT digital design 26 Technical industrial 31 Retail 7 Executive search 6 Healthcare 5 Aviation 8 Other services 7 Strategic report Governance Financials 7 Why this is important We want to operate in markets where there are good growth prospects to help us deliver a sustainable growth in profit. We know that markets operate at different speeds a wide portfolio of relevant experience. With the rise of the digital world it is increasingly easy for candidates to work from anywhere in the world reducing geographic boundaries and time zone issues. Penetration rate by country 2015 3.8 UK 3.0 Netherlands 2.4 Germany 1.2 Finland 2.2 USA 0.5 Chile 3.7 Australia 2.0 Japan Source World Employment Confederation Economic report 2017. 10 Empresaria Group plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Chairmans statement The Group has delivered another record year of profit. Our business model and strategy is delivering consistently with 18 quarters of yearonyear net fee income growth for the period to December 2017. As well as the growth in profit our diversification across sectors and geographies helps to reduce risk and insulate the Group from difficulties in individual markets. Empresaria is a global business operating from locations in 20 countries. Whilst global reach is clearly important local focus is key with our management teams running their businesses in alignment with local market conditions and opportunities. As part of our strategy to develop leading brands we invest to help them develop and take a leading position within their niche sector area of expertise. It is important that each brand has the potential to develop within the Group and where changes are needed we identify and implement them. In line with this ethos we ended 2017 with 18 brands having merged two brands and exited from another. The Board sees good opportunities for growth across the Group and we will continue to 10 Data protection 11 Payments to temporary workers 12 Protection of assets Likelihood High Medium Low Low Medium High Impact 6 4 5 7 9 8 10 2 3 1 11 12 Strategic report Governance Financials 31 1. Political and social change IMPACT ON THE BUSINESS CHANGE IN RISK PROFILE ACTIONS TAKEN TO MITIGATE RISK The Groups businesses are subject to legislation regulations and changes in political sentiment in each of their locations. In particular this impacts temporary recruitment which is regulated to protect the rights and treatment of temporary workers and in developing staffing markets where new regulations are introduced as the market develops. Any changes to labour regulations tax laws or political views on the staffing industry could impact on the manner in which any business or the Group as a whole conducts its business and could therefore affect the financial performance of the Group. In some territories a recruitment licence is required. If local laws and regulations are not followed it could lead to sanctions being taken against the Company including penalties fines and licences being revoked. Social changes impact how people search for jobs and where they are likely to live. Our businesses need to target the locations where people want to work. They need to be able to identify and communicate with candidates to ensure job vacancies are filled. In the UK new legislation was introduced for public sector staffing IR35 and there is an ongoing consultation about whether to apply this to the private while studying to achieve NVQs in Business Administration and all were offered full time roles. Become Manchester also supported students at Shilington Education by giving interview CV and portfolio advice at the end of their courses and running creative competitions where winners and runners up had the chance to attend The Roses Creative Awards which Become sponsors. During the Christmas period staff at ConSol Partners donated brand new toys to the Great Ormond Street Childrens Hospital. The staff also took part in various fundraising activities throughout the year such as hosting Cake Sales to raise money for Daisy a charity funding research into treating a rare form of brain cancer found in children. In Japan FINES Tokyo provided more than 20 free lectures to high school students in the suburban areas giving guidance on how to find good jobs interview preparation and industry updates. In India the IMS team were involved in a range of activities from giving blood sponsoring a fund raising dance event as part of their support of a winter jacket distribution project and joining the Joy of giving festival celebration for underprivileged children. Upholding high ethical and corporate governance standards promoting integrity in dealing with all stakeholders Empresarias business is all about finding people jobs and so helping them develop their careers. This is important to enable people to provide for themselves and their families and we aim to provide candidates and clients with the best possible service.