 As The Food Travel Experts we operate over 2500 outlets from quick service to fine dining and serve on average one million customers each day. We have a deep understanding of the diverse needs of travellers and operate a broad portfolio of more than 450 brands and concepts including coffee shops sandwich bars bakeries casual and finedining restaurants as well as convenience and retail outlets. These include international and local high street brands through to our own proprietary brands and bespoke restaurant concepts. All of our brands are developed or tailored to be run in operationally demanding high volume travel locations in order to meet the specific needs of our clients and customers in the travel sector. CONTENTS Strategic report 1 Highlights 2 Chairmans statement 3 Chief Executives statement 4 Our business 6 Our business model 8 Our strategy 9 Financial review 14 Key performance indicators 16 Risk management and principal risks 23 Sustainability report Corporate governance 26 Board of Directors 28 Corporate Governance report 33 Audit Committee report 37 Statement by the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 38 Annual report on remuneration 45 Directors remuneration policy 52 Directors report 57 Statement of Directors responsibilities Financial statements 58 Independent auditors report 62 Consolidated income statement 63 Consolidated statement As a consequence further growth in passenger numbers is forecast over the mediumterm in all our geographic markets. Forecasting to 2040 ACI anticipates these increases to be strongest in the Middle East and Africa 7 .7 and Asia Pacific 6.2 with India expected to become the third largest country by total passenger traffic. Smaller increases are forecast for the more mature European 3.7 and North American regions 2.8 3. Spend per passenger is influenced by several factors the quality of the catering proposition at airports the rapid growth of lowcost airlines with a typically limited catering offer and the scaling back of onboard services by major flagship carriers which all help drive spend levels. Rail passengers in our key European markets UK France and Germany were estimated to total 5.8 billion 4 in 2016. Passenger numbers within these countries have increased at an average annual rate ranging from 1.9 to 3.5 since 2013 4 with moderate growth forecast to continue in the medium term. Supporting this growth is the ongoing investment in rail infrastructure by governments seeking to encourage passengers to switch from road to rail transport and to also address environmental concerns 5. This investment has resulted in a significant expansion in track including in the highspeed rail network which has increased 13 since 2010 across the UK France and Germany with a further 40 already planned or under construction in existing projects 6. The investment in new trains replacement of existing fleets and the expanded track are all improvements in waste and loss. The Group has completed detailed evaluation planning and partial implementation of its major change programmes adapting and responding to feedback on an ongoing basis. Where required to aid these programmes the Group continues to utilise specialist expertise in the business both at a Group and a country level. The Group provides central support with regional CEOs and CFOs to facilitate appropriate country actions based on key performance indicators linked to margin management. Group IT also provides support for project management and implementation using agreed standard business processes and controls. Risk increasing Risk decreasing No risk movement STRATEGIC REPORT SSP GROUP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 19 RiskRisk Priority Risk Description Mitigating Factors 6 Changing client behaviours Changing client requirements such as splitting tenders across two or more providers partnering with operators in joint ventures developing third party purchasing models and favouring local brand operators or partnering directly with brand owners may adversely affect the Groups business. The Group has in place a clear SSP Value Proposition that it presents to the client to address this risk. The Group Director of Strategic Partnerships and the Group Chief Commercial Officer work closely with country management teams to enhance and clarify the Groups proposition to its clients. The Groups contact strategy with key stakeholders and clients helps to mitigate this risk. This is informed by its annual client survey which is carried out by an independent party. 7 Expansion into new markets The Groups strategy involves expanding its strategic objectives over the financial year. The measures selected and their weightings may vary each year according to the strategic priorities. Entitlement to bonus only starts to accrue at a minimum threshold level of performance. Below this level no bonus will be paid. T o earn a maximum bonus there must be outperformance against stretching objectives. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SSP GROUP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 46 Element and link to strategy Operation Maximum potential value Performance metrics Performance Share Plan PSP The PSP rewards the delivery of Company performance and shareholder value over the longer term. The awards are share based to align the interests of Executive Directors with those of shareholders. Awards may be made to Executive Directors at the discretion of the Committee in the form of conditional share awards nilcost options forfeitable shares or equivalent rights. Awards will normally be subject to performance conditions set by the Committee measured over a period of at least three years. Awards will vest following the end of the performance period. Awards other than forfeitable shares may incorporate the right to receive in cash or shares the value of dividends that would have been paid on the award shares that vest between the grant and vesting of awards which will unless the Committee determines otherwise assume the reinvestment of those dividends in the Companys shares on a cumulative basis.