 Our differentiated approach We refined our operating model during the year. Our success is based on our ability to originate invest and operate our investments fully inhouse and we have organised the business to provide a strong focus on each area. This enables us to generate superior returns through our ability to collaborate internally across all these areas. In this regard we strongly believe that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. The operational team for example works with our development team in the design of our new PRS developments and with the investment team to appraise every opportunity we consider. This collaborative and informed approach produces enhanced returns and reduces risks. Highlights Adjusted earnings 74.4m 40 FY16 53.1m Net rental income 40.4m 8 FY16 37.4m Rental growth likeforlike 3.8 30bps FY16 4.1 Cost of debt at period end 3.4 50bps FY16 3.9 EPRA NNNAV 303pps 5.6 FY16 287pps Profit before tax 86.3m 2 FY16 84.2m Overheads 27 .2 m 14 FY16 31.8m Total return ROSE 7 .3 330bps FY16 10.6 Definitions and additional information relating to all KPIs are shown on pages 22 and 23. 12 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Preparing the business for the exciting growth in new PRS homes As our pipeline of new PRS homes grows we are investing to support future growth. We examined every process within the business to find more efficient ways of working and through a great team affordable to a broad range of people and incomes 2. Ensure our homes are designed well to be safe and secure 3. Create and maintain homes that will last and be attractive to customers for many years to come protecting the value of our assets for our shareholders Desired outcomes 1. Protect the value and income of our assets 2. Reduce our environmental footprint in our new developments and existing operations 3. Help create a positive rental housing market Reviewing and monitoring our KPIs Following our recently launched sustainability strategy over the coming year we will be reviewing our existing KPIs which can be found on our website and aligning these to measure our performance against our top priorities as set out above. Below are some KPI metrics we will consider using going forward. 1. Customer satisfaction and retention 2. Local employment and skills 3. Employee engagement survey results 4. Community investment 1. Affordability measure 2. Health and safety record 3. Customer retention 4. ULI Best Practice Design Guide compliant 5. Connectivity technology and location 1. Waste recycling material use 2. Flood risk 3. Energy efficiency measures 30 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Developing the highestquality talent Over the past year we have strengthened the way we manage and support our people and the great talent we have within the organisation. We introduced a talent forum where senior management review each individual in the business identifying potential for growth and planning for succession. We reinvigorated our internal training agreements to ensure suitability and we are investing in people and technology solutions to reduce the time to address requests and maintenance issues as we strive toward providing excellent customer service. Making a positive impact in local communities We are creating 3850 new homes at Wellesley in Aldershot Hampshire. Here we are an active member of the Community Matters Partnership Project. During the past year we have supported a number of local charity and community events including Twilight Runway Charity Challenge NUTS Charity Challenge Christmas food drive Race Night charity event and mock interviews at local secondary schools. We provide rentfree or subsidised commercial space to local community organisations including The Source Bike Start Farnborough Foodbank Community Bees and North Lane Lodge a charity facility for the homeless in Aldershot. Through Rushmoor Borough Councils employment skills initiative this year we have created 17 work experience placements delivered 13 career talks and created 11 new jobs. A robust customer feedback loop Hierarchy of customer needs Feedback gathered regularly Surveys Questionnaires Focus groups Mystery shopping Direct calls Audit check 1 2 3 Monitored and reviewed Action and improvement We act on customer feedback Is my home safe secure Is the property in a convenient and desirable location Can I put down roots Is it value for money 34 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Summary of 2017 performance This year Grainger reformed its Sustainability and CSR Committee which decided to take stock and review the businesss sustainability priorities and approach up London EC4Y 1HS Financial public relations Camarco 107 Cheapside London EC2V 6DN Banking Clearing Bank and Facility Agent Barclays Bank PLC HSBC Bank PLC Other bankers Aareal Bank AG Abbey National Treasury Services PLC Allied Irish Banks PLC Lloyds Bank PLC National Westminster Bank PLC Nationwide Building Society Santander UK PLC Svenska Handelsbanken AB publ The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC Independent auditor KPMG LLP Chartered Accountants 15 Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5GL Stockbrokers JP Morgan Cazenove Limited 25 Bank Street London E14 5JP Numis Securities Limited 10 Paternoster Square London EC4M 7LT Registrars and transfer office Link Asset Services Northern House Woodsome Park Fenay Bridge Huddersfield West Yorkshire HD8 0LA Corporate addresses Newcastle Citygate St James Boulevard Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 4JE Tel 0191 261 1819 London 1 London Bridge 3rd Floor East London SE1 9BG Tel 020 7795 4700 Birmingham The Circle Harborne Birmingham B17 9DY Manchester St Johns House Barrington Road Altrincham Cheshire WA14 1TJ View our website www.graingerplc.co.uk Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 151 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Consultancy design and production www.luminous.co.uk Design and production www.luminous.co.uk This report has been printed on paper which supports the FSC Forest Stewardship Council chain of custody environmental sustainment programme. The material used throughout the report is biodegradable fully recyclable and elemental chlorine free.