 Blanket is a lightweightfibre insulationmaterial and as such we require high volume storage to hold finished goods. The team have redesigned the racking system and material and process flow and have eliminated the need for an offsite warehouse and all the associated material movements and costs. Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 21 Annual Report 2017 Morgan Advanced Materials Drive sales effectiveness and market focus The Group is focused on improving a number of aspects of its sales activity and the capability of our sales teams sales processes and their efficiency the management of key customer accounts and distribution channels deeper understanding of endmarkets and fastergrowing segments and sales incentive plans. Morgan Advanced Materials Annual Report 2017 22 Strategic Report Our strategy in action continued Sales force effectiveness pilots In our Thermal business in China 80 of the revenue is derived from 15 of the customers. However we were not necessarily focusing our time only on the more important customers. Our pilot focussed on growing existing customers through segmentation determining service levels for each segment and aligning our resources accordingly. Our work has provided a clear view on how we need to segment our customers and the importance of getting the right route to market for low volume customers. The China organisation has therefore made a transition to a model with sales key account management regional sales and new business development. The pilot also reinforced our understanding of our position in the market. In interviews customers were positive about Morgans products and service but indicated that roles and responsibilities are not always clear in our teams. They also identified areas where we should be providing higher performance products. Four further pilot projects were completed in 2017 two in our Thermal business and one each in Seals and Bearings and Electrical Carbon. These looked in depth at customer segmentation pricing value selling and our wider sales process. Our goal is to improve those specific areas and build new capabilities for our business that we can roll out more broadly. The sales effectiveness programme was launched as one of our strategic execution priorities focused on sales processes structure and efficiency key account management channel management end market understanding and market hotspots and conducting pilot improvement projects across our global business units. Through these pilot projects we have segmented our customer base and aligned our resources to our customers. We tested tools for pricing and sales management and we designed new sales incentive plans which we are trialling now. We still have much to do but we have a good foundation to build upon. Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 23 Annual Report 2017 Morgan Advanced Materials I nc r e a se i n v e s t m e nt in people management and development The Group aims to strengthen its leadership capability and deepen functional capabilities across the business including in sales and engineering. Senior leaders will be benchmarked externally new talent introduced and future leadership candidates identified from and zirconia materials to engineer lightweight lowfriction bearings and seals. These materials help solve the problems associated with use of lubricants in extreme temperatures corrosive or hygienic environments and where access is restricted. These materials are engineered into products that provide customerspecific solutions. The businesss components often help to extend the operating life of customers equipment and make it more energyefficient. The main markets served are specialist applications in the oil and gas automotive industrial water pump aerospace and home appliance sectors. Technical Ceramics engineers high performance functional and structural ceramic materials components and subassemblies to address customerspecific technical challenges. The business employs advanced materials science and applications expertise to produce parts that enhance reliability or improve the performance of its customers products. Much of what the global business unit makes is used in demanding harsh or critical environments. The global business unit works in selected segments of the electronics energy healthcare industrial petrochemicals security and transport markets typically in close collaborative customer relationships. Footprint As at 31 December 2017 the Carbon and Technical Ceramics Division comprised 50 operating sites employing approximately 5240 people with manufacturing sites across the world. Due to the customerspecific nature of most of the products sold and the importance of staying very close to the market most sales are made directly by the Divisions sales force and application engineers with limited use being made of distributors. The global spread of operating sites supplemented by a comprehensive network of sales offices allows immediate access to and Mentoring feedback and regular coaching conversations related to career aspirations Learning on the job through a wide variety of cross functional high responsibility projects international collaboration and exposure to a variety of roles. Communications During a period of increased change it is important to increase communications. The introduction of quarterly calls for our top 100 leaders has enabled a greater twoway connection. Feedback indicates greater levels of engagement and improved awareness of Group messaging and initiatives. In addition to our annual senior leader conference the technology function ran a conference focused on innovation collaboration and an external mindset. In May 2017 we held our annual European Employee Forum meeting inviting site representatives to meet with senior leaders and engage in discussion on important topics. Reward recognition and awards The Group recognises the accomplishments of its people individually and as teams and makes awards to acknowledge achievement loyalty and innovation. Recognition awards continue to be made across local businesses as well as to senior management with awards linked to business performance. The principle of pay for performance underpins the Groups compensation approach and the Company sets compensation levels using external benchmarking and relevant commercial considerations that are both competitive in the countries in which they operate and affordable. Morgan offers shortterm performance incentives globally to managers technical and functional experts. The Executive Committee and senior management also have longterm incentives tied to personal and commercial performance.