 The need to do so comes from a number of sources legislation mandating variation margin for FX forwards our plans to support a greater range of derivative overlays and the opportunity to help clients suffering from low yields and growing cash requirements. We have also continued to enhance our Passive Hedging offering emphasising to clients its bespoke nature and the opportunity to take advantage of market opportunities even within a fixed hedge ratio constraint. The range of exchangetraded funds offered by WisdomTree Investments Inc. that track indexes using Records hedging signals has continued to grow and has won industry awards. People We have continued to attract retain and develop high quality people principally through intern programmes and graduate and earlystage career hires. We then focus on internal development and retention of these individuals. When recruiting staff early in their careers some subsequent attrition is inevitable but this also creates a growing pool of alumni with whom we maintain strong relationships. We have largely succeeded in retaining key staff in a highly competitive employment market. The working environment for staff is part of the Groups retention strategy hence we have focused on the environment in our expanded office in Windsor have moved our US office from Atlanta to New York and have opened an office in Zrich since the end of the financial year. We are proposing changes to our remuneration structures including to conform conditions between Approved and Unapproved options and thereby enhance the alignment of interests with external the market displays persistent patterns of behaviour or inefficiencies which Record believes are best exploited by quantitative systematic processes. The FX market continues to offer opportunities for investors. Records expertise is in identifying and understanding these opportunities and then educating clients on how such opportunities may be used to their best advantage taking account of each clients individual circumstances and attitude to risk. 1. Source BIS Triennial Central Bank Survey of Foreign Exchange and OTC Derivatives Markets December 2016 WFE. Please note WFE global equity trading volume numbers do not include nonmember statistics. Record plc Annual Report 2017 15 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information The Group has good track records for its Dynamic and Passive Hedging products over 34 and 18 years respectively and now has a good track record approaching five years for its Currency MultiStrategy returnseeking product. It has established itself both in the eyes of clients and their investment consultants as a respected specialist in this sector. What we do We have a fundamental and comprehensive understanding of how currency markets operate. Our approach is to listen to clients and to understand their currency issues in order to advise them on and implement the best solution. Clients invested in international assets are exposed inherently to the risk of currency rate fluctuations which can be managed using currency hedging. Alternatively clients may look to take on additional currency risk in the expectation of returns and in some cases clients may be interested in both risk reduction or all of the Groups products ineffective. Such intervention may arise as an unintended consequence of regulatory reforms targeted elsewhere. Changes in the regulatory environment or tax regime may make investment in currency less attractive to investors. For example new rules for risk mitigation of overthecounter derivatives not cleared by a central clearing party are to be implemented under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation. These rules will mandate variation margin for FX forward contracts and swaps for EU financial counterparties from January 2018. Such a requirement is a major change from the historic practice of many of Records clients of using noncollateralised foreign exchange credit lines. Such clients may consider moving currency hedging mandates to other managers who already manage assets that could be used as collateral or may consider stopping currency hedging altogether. Innovation Growth Risk management Profitability Our diversified product range is underpinned by a number of different strategies that may not all be impacted by the intervention. Depending on the nature of the intervention certain product strategies may perform well. Our experienced management team is able to anticipate and identify ramifications of changes at an early stage and are able to respond in a timely manner to adapt the business. The Group participates in consultations on proposed regulatory changes both on its own and through trade bodies. Certain regulatory changes may provide opportunities as well as threats. Diversification of investment capabilities across riskreducing and risktaking products reduces single eventproduct exposure. The Group is also enhancing its systems process for dealing with them is operating efficiently. All existing external appointments for each Director were considered and authorised by the Board in September 2016 as part of this annual review. Board member diversity The Board has three female members in a board of eight and thus women make up 38 of the Board. It is the Boards aim to maintain a diverse mix of skills experience knowledge and backgrounds across its members to ensure that the Board operates effectively. The Boards opinion is that the current composition of members meets these criteria and is therefore appropriate for the business at the present time. Future executive director succession planning will take into account the benefits of diversity including gender diversity as set out in the Companys Board Diversity Policy. Diversity in the workplace is detailed on page 35. Board meetings The Board met six times between 1 April 2016 and 31 March 2017 to review financial performance and to follow the schedule of matters reserved for its decision and approval. Comprehensive Board papers comprising an agenda and formal reports and briefing documents are sent to Directors in advance of each meeting. Directors are regularly informed by senior executives and external advisers on the Groups affairs including commercial regulatory legal corporate governance and other relevant matters.