 Mears has extended its core reactive and planned maintenance offering to include housing management to support clients in delivering more integrated solutions aligned to their strategic challenges. Regeneration in Milton Keynes R ead fr om page 32 Our services Repairs and maintenance Planned and cyclical maintenance Estate management Asset management Income management Emergency accommodation New housing development Our customers Local Authorities Registered Social Landlords Private landlords Tenants and service users Community groups Pension funds Strategic report 02 Mears Group PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 Revenue 134.1m 12 2015 146.0m 2016 152.6m 2017 134.1m Operating profit 0.5m 2015 1.6m 2016 1.2m 2017 0.5m Operating margin 0.4 2015 1.1 2016 0.8 2017 0.4 Care Our key strengths Differentiated service delivery In order for customers to recommend us we must deliver excellent service. We randomly conduct over 80000 Housing customer surveys each year. Strategic relationships We listen carefully to the needs of our clients and their tenants. As our clients needs have changed we have developed a broader service offering which has increased the depth of our client partnerships. Strong financial management We operate in a high volume low value and low margin environment where we have delivered consistent financial results over an extended period of time. This is achieved through works management systems conservative accounting policies and a culture of giving attention to detail. Social value We lead the way with give early warning as to potential repair needs for example for boiler systems and we see further opportunities in this space. Within Care we have committed to a single system again backed up by handheld technology that has many of the benefits we see on the housing side. As with Housing we are also using technology in peoples homes to help deliver positive care outcomes including tackling increasing issues such as social isolation. Mears of course remains a people business but technology helps people carry out their work more effectively and enables customers to communicate more efficiently. We have also created a powerful insight tool that at a very local level provides data on a range of important criteria such as demographics housing availability health and crime all of which can help our decision making throughout our operations and our social value work. Strategic report 09 Mears Group PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 Business model We focus on longterm outcomes and positive social economic and environmental impact. Our key resources and relationships Outstanding partnerships We work with Local Authority Housing Association and care commissioner clients. Our end service users are the recipients of housing services and care in the home. Exceptional people We recognise our staff as our greatest asset. Mears employees are skilled in delivering an excellent service whilst showing a strong customer service ethos and an empathy for our service users. Marketleading technology Our performance is built on a bedrock of first class IT platforms giving marketleading the broken housing market but also allow people to live longer and better as they benefit from the wellbeing of independent living. This in turn will create savings in national health and social care expenditure. Where investors and developers are concerned this is a predictable market the demographic change being a clear indicator of the likely demand. 4 Investment After decades of underfunding there are real signs now that the political landscape for social care is improving. Homecare is likely to be one of the fastest growing areas of spending for Local Authorities. Based on current commitments made by the UK Government up to 2020 we should see the market increasing at a rate of 5 per year. There has been concern that increased Local Authority spend would not translate into a better market for providers that spending would increase the number of care hours available rather than improve pricing but we are not seeing this borne out in practice. In fact we have seen our charge rates increase in both 2016 and 2017 and further rate increases are expected. This makes it more viable to provide good quality care and enables us to pay good wages to staff. An additional 2 billion has been promised over the next three years from central Government pots and at a local level through ringfenced council tax increases. The Government has also announced that council tax can increase by up to 6 next year without the need for a referendum provided that at The More Homes Bromley venture will see us purchase refurbish and manage 400 properties to Decent Homes standard on behalf of the Council. Currently more than 1000 households in Bromley are in temporary accommodation in many cases this means costly BBs as there is too little suitable accommodation to meet demand. Homelessness is a growing problem especially in London and we have to seek innovative ways to fulfil our duty to vulnerable families from the borough when they have now here else to go. With such large numbers needing temporary accommodation while more permanent solutions are sought this venture offers a real alternative to using expensive BB accommodation. It is important that we look at new and costeffective ways in which to meet our statutory obligations as housing is under such pressure as demand continues to rise.