 It identifies and characterises defined patient groups and is able to identify previously unknown genetic linkages and interactions between genes and biological pathways in a broad range of diseases. T axonomy3 fuels our drug discovery portfolio by generating novel targets in these genetically defined patient subgroups. Our pioneering drug design technology comprises both Conformetrix and MolPlex. These synergistic technologies enable C4XD to enter novel chemical space and rapidly gain knowledge about the bioactive form required for a successful drug allowing the design of highly potent and selective molecules. PRECLINICAL PORTFOLIO DRUG TARGET DISCOVERY AND SELECTION NOVEL SMALL MOLECULE DESIGN Conformetrix technology platform Taxonomy3 Partner targets Industry approaches BROAD THERAPEUTIC AREA OPPORTUNITIES MolPlex C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 02 Strategic report Our business model A key aspect of our vision is our aim to become selfsustaining. The pharmaceutical industrys demand for high quality early stage drug candidates continues to grow and we are poised to take advantage of this growing trend by continuing to build a focussed commercial function that continually monitors the landscape for licensing opportunities. We only pursue new programmes in areas of high unmet medical need that are commercially attractive and focus on generating longterm partnerships with licensors. Revenue generated through early stage licensing deals will be reinvested into our Drug Discovery Engine to maximise value for our shareholders. We remain on track to complete our first early stage licensing deal in early 2018. Where beneficial we will continue to seek opportunities to build alliances with organisations that have capabilities complementary to our own. Fast costeffective novel candidate discovery Well diversified multidisease portfolio across a variety of biological targets Focussed investment on highest value activities Longterm alliance revenue from partners Suite of cuttingedge proprietary technologies Highly experienced scientific team 320 years Industryleading management team and Board Proactive commercial capability Strategic report 03 C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 WWW.C4XDISCOVERY.COM Interim Chairmans statement Sam Williams Interim Chairman The Board is fully committed to the delivery of our strategy. Last year we set out our vision as the architects of drug discovery constantly innovating and finding novel ways to solve challenges in biology and chemistry that confound others and through this building the worlds most productive Drug Discovery Engine. This has been an important year in delivering that vision. We have continued to strengthen the data package around our lead Orexin1 antagonist and believe its broad applicability in addiction and related disorders such as anxiety posttraumatic stress disorder and impulse control make it a compelling candidate for partnership. Our agreement with Evotec will involve us working together on novel small molecule drug targets across a range of targets and stages of development. We are also seeing the power of our Drug Discovery Engine with exciting new targets identified in inflammationautoimmune diseases and neurodegenerative diseases. These alongside our existing programmes open new opportunities for future revenuegenerating deals with the pharmaceutical industry. During the year we have strengthened of commercially valuable disease areas. These targets can be addressed through our drug design platform including our Conformetrix and MolPlex chemistry technologies. Critically robust scientific and commercial intelligence gathering continues to drive selection criteria for inclusion in our portfolio. Outlook C4XD s strategy is delivering value for our shareholders and positioning us well to achieve our ambitions in drug discovery. The next year will continue to focus on securing deal revenue from the commercial discussions initiated this year progressing our discovery candidates to preclinical development and commercialisation and continuing to replenish and build the pipeline by identifying novel and exciting drug targets. I am excited about what we can achieve and I look forward to sharing this journey with you. We have a complete range of tools to discover novel compounds and pioneer new disruptive approaches to drug discovery. Strategic report 05 C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 WWW.C4XDISCOVERY.COM CEOs statement continued Clive Dix Chief Executive Officer Drug Discovery Engine and portfolio review Neuroscience addiction and neurodegeneration Oral Orexin1 Receptor Antagonist Programme Our most advanced drug discovery programme aims to provide a novel oral medicine for addictionsubstance use disorders a substantial area of unmet medical need forecast to be worth an estimated 13 billion per annum by 2018 1. Our preclinical candidate molecule an oral selective Orexin1 receptor antagonist remains on schedule to be ready for clinical development by the end of 2017. Following completion of a successful 4.2Kg GMP manufacturing campaign of drug substance the inlife whilst keeping the molecular size of the molecule in the traditional druglike range. T o date the identification of orally available small molecules has proved extremely challenging but they are highly sought after by the Pharma industry. Recently we identified potent compounds suitable for oral delivery and these are now the subject of in vivo studies. Commercially this is critical as current marketed drugs that target IL17 are based on injectable C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 06 Strategic report monoclonal antibodies so an oral or topical treatment would increase the number of patients who can access drugs targeting this mechanism. Rheumatoid arthritis Analysis of a rheumatoid arthritis dataset using C4XD s proprietary target discovery technology T axonomy3 identified 66 novel genes that have not previously been associated with this major disease. Of these nine were prioritised based on corroborative biology in the scientific literature and druggability. These potential targets are from protein families whose function suggests that any resulting drug molecules will have a very different biological impact on disease from that of existing rheumatoid arthritis therapies enabling considerable therapeutic and commercial differentiation. T wo of these drug targets were nominated for evaluation as potential new pipeline programmes and the first of these targets has progressed into the hit to lead stage of discovery with molecules showing activity in a diseaserelevant cell system.