 The success of the Bowlplex rebrands reinforces what an excellent investment Bowlplex was. Good corporate governance continues to be a focus for the Board as we complete our evolution from private equity to PLC ownership. Following the Groups IPO in FY2016 Epiris sold its remaining interest 17.8 per cent in the business and we thank Bill Priestley and Ian Wood for their continued support through the first eight months of listing. Further details on this can be found in our Corporate Governance report on page 50 which describes the work completed during the year and outlines our areas of focus and development for the year ahead. The Board recruited an additional independent NED Ivan Schofield and I was delighted to welcome Ivan to our Board with effect from 1 October. Ivan brings a wealth of European and UK knowledge from several multisite leisure businesses. He has completed a thorough induction programme and is providing support and new perspective as well as giving challenge to an already highperforming Board. A key component of our success is our executive leadership team which has done an outstanding job during FY2017. The four senior Directors Stephen Burns CEO Laurence Keen CFO Mat Hart Commercial Director and Melanie Dickinson Talent Director have led the company with courage conviction and a relentless desire to remain on purpose. The behaviour of the senior team provide the leadership and example for all centre roll out has been key to delivering the high returns and sustained performance we have seen from our mature centres. One of our key success criteria is being colocated with the top cinema in town. Over 70 of our current estate fulfils this criterion and our recent openings have continued on this path. We opened three centres in FY2017 two of which Southampton and Derby were organic openings while The London O2 was an acquisition. Each property negotiation is based on its own merits and we continue to be a soughtafter tenant for both leisure parks and retail developments. Hollywood Bowl Southampton opened as part of a new Hammerson leisure development. It is one of our smaller format concept centres designed to fit within a retailleisure offer. Trading since the opening in December 2016 has been extremely positive and it is on course to pay back 50 per cent of the invested capital within year one. Our second new opening is part of intu Derby and complements the sites highquality offering of a cinema casual dining restaurants retail and an adventure golf centre. Derby is trading very well and is ahead of expectation. Both of these new centres included the operational trials of Pins on strings technology an innovation to improve machine reliability and cut downtime and cashless amusements a trial of digital payment card readers that can facilitate price changes and greater customer engagement. Acquisitions In June we refurbished and rebranded Brooklyn Bowl at The London O2 taking a threeyear management contract to operate the venue. Early trading has been in line with our expectations. In FY2017 we also acquired the Namco Bowl in Dagenham a 30000 square foot centre in a prime spot colocated with a cinema and casual dining. This centre started trading on 4 October 2017 and is performing in line with expectations. Pipeline We have secured a strong pipeline of new centres enabling us to deliver on our plan of an average of two new openings per year. The highquality product we deliver for our landlords coupled with our strong covenant and reputation for topquality operating standards have created new opportunities. Leases have been signed with intu for the leisure extension at its flagship Lakeside centre and for the leisure extension of intu Watford. Legal work is progressing on a number of other exciting new developments giving us confidence in our longer term growth opportunities. Our people Our people are instrumental to the success of our business and I am enormously grateful to be supported by a talented enthusiastic and motivated team who are incredibly professional customerfocused and commercially driven. Revenue Growth 8.8 Earnings Per Share 12.17p Total Dividend Per Share 9.08P Annual Report and Accounts 2017 19 STRATEGIC REPORT We are proud to provide an inclusive and supportive environment for all team members including good opportunities to develop rewarding careers. 127 of the team have undertaken our internal talent development programmes with 36 team members being promoted to assistant manager seven to Centre to understand that each centre operates in its own marketplace and we dont adopt a cookie cutter approach when it comes to refurbishments and investments. Each centre is designed around customer feedback with input from the management and support team. Combining this with the fact that we wouldnt undertake a refurbishment during a school holiday period for example and that Laurence CFO and I visit every centre before during and after investment we believe that between seven and ten investments per annum allows the business to maximise the returns on each. Q. Are you concerned about the consumer outlook SB. It is of course prudent to keep one eye on consumer trends. We recognise that leisure activities rely on disposable income and that our customers are not immune to inflation. We do however operate the kind of allinclusive family leisure experience that we know our customers prioritise. Q. Will you ever look beyond bowling SB. Our short to mediumterm focus is on delivering against our growth plan through the successful execution of our bowlingled strategy. There are a number of indoor leisurebased offerings we know could benefit from our customerled operating model but we feel there is still significant opportunity to remain focused on growing our bowling business. Q. What impact will Brexit have on Hollywood Bowl SB. In terms of our team we have limited exposure with less than four per cent of team members coming from EU countries outside of the UK.