 We are also pleased with the momentum building as we implement our Moving Up A Gear strategy. There is demonstrable progress across each of the five pillars of the plan and plenty more to come. Whilst the currency movements have impacted on reported earnings the underlying business performance was strong. Our priorities for the financial year we are now in will include further improving and utilising our customer data consolidating our service and services credentials continuing to invest in our colleagues further investment in our online platforms and rolling out our successful new store refresh concept. We enter a challenging period from a macroeconomic perspective with uncertainty over consumer spending and Sterling depreciation bringing input cost headwinds. However we approach this on the front foot and from a position of strength as we have leading positions in fragmented markets and offer a customer driven serviceled proposition that differentiates us from competitors both physical and online. Our FX headwind mitigation plans are well developed and gaining traction. We are seeing the benefits of good strategic progress on performance and have not so far observed any noticeable adverse impact of a change in consumer sentiment on our trading. Taking these factors into account we anticipate FY18 profit to be in line with current market expectations. I would like to thank all colleagues for their fantastic contribution support and commitment to Halfords. Our customercentric serviceled strategy has real traction and I have every confidence in the team to the store carried out by an external third party and direct links to ereceipts. We remain committed to the 3Gears training programme nearly 100 of eligible colleagues are at Gear 1 around 70 of colleagues had qualified for Gear 2 by the end of FY17 and we also now have circa 10 of colleagues trained to Gear 3 guru level which is in line with our target proportions. Going forward we will continually refresh existing colleagues training and also develop new colleagues. Our Retail apprenticeship scheme remains popular and we have now placed over 40 trainees into permanent roles across our stores. We continued to build our pipeline of Assistant Store Managers and Store Managers through our Aspire programme in FY17 we filled 48 of store management vacancies internally. Retail colleague turnover has further improved during the year to record lows and is now circa 33 which will deliver long term benefits for the business. We were also pleased to once again be included within the Sunday Times Best Big Companies to Work For list moving up to 13th place from 18th place last year. As of April 2016 we introduced the National Living Wage for our colleagues aged 25 and over and at the same time introduced our 20p supplement for all colleagues upon qualifying for Gear 1. This combined with other changes to our pay structures lifted the pay of all colleagues of the Halfords Group to above the minimum wage. Service in Our DNA 22 Halfords Group onthespot bulb blade and battery fittings and other services such as windscreen chip repair Electric car charging points in support of the growing number of electric cars on the road Dedicated hubs within the store for service parts technology and click collect Updated design principles to reflect the Halfords For Lifes Journeys brand positioning that was launched in June 2016 An exciting new Smart Fit centre that enables customers aged 8 and over to have their measurements taken virtually to find the perfect bike for them Headsets to enable colleagues to communicate instantly regardless of whether they are inside or outside the shop and Two distinct shops within a shop. The cycling area has a softer feel whilst the motoring area is more functional. We are learning as we go and well be continually testing new concepts along the way. However we are encouraged by the initial response both in terms of customer feedback and sales uplifts. We plan to refresh around 30 stores in FY18. slugline STRATEGIC REPORT OUR GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 27 STOCK CODE HFD halfords.annualreport2017.com Halfords Annual Report 2017.indd 27 07062017 163708 slugline Business Review After a number of changes in the previous two years in our supply chain infrastructure this year has been much more stable. The deliverytostore model is fully embedded and working well with resilient performance through the peak Black Friday and Christmas periods. Leveraging these firm foundations we took the opportunity to review our warehousing arrangements resulting in the consolidation of and procedures e.g. Delegated Authorities How We Do Business Quality Standards Retail Guidelines Retail Basics Health and Safety Policies Colleague Handbooks Third Line of Assurance Independently review quality of key internal controls and mangement assessment of risk Challenge management to drive up quality Maintain corporate risk register Second Line of Assurance Identify developments in risk and internal control environment Develop and implement strategy policies and procedures to manage risk Risk Management Framework 42 Halfords Group plc Integrated Annual Report for the period ended 31 March 2017 Halfords Annual Report 2017.indd 42 07062017 163721 slugline Key Risk and Uncertainty Mitigation Primary Links to Moving Up A Gear Strategy Pillar Risk Movement 1. Economic Environmental and Political The economy is a major influence on consumer spending. Trends in employment inflation taxation consumer debt levels weather and interest rates impact consumer expenditure in discretionary areas. Changes in Government policies e.g. Cycle to Work may also affect our customers ability to benefit from our products and services. Withdrawal from the EU may have an impact on consumer spending please refer to page 41 for further information. The Group mitigates these risks by maintaining a focus on the defensive characteristics of its needs driven product groups. A firm focus is maintained on cost control. Targeted promotions and excellent service are designed to attract and retain customers. Advanced econometric modelling is used to understand the effect of weather conditions on our business and we ensure that marketing and merchandising can be revised quickly.