 Discretionary fund management is our core business and we will be looking for opportunities to grow it further including enhancing our offering and service levels as well as continuing to adapt given the fast changing external environment to retain our strong market position. We have already announced additional investment in our regulatory and risk management capabilities to build a stronger platform both now and for delivering sustainable growth in the future. Pursuing greater efficiency in the business is another of my priorities in order to continue to improve our margins. This focus on our core offering and our drive to improve margins has also led to the agreed sale of Braemar Estates our property management business expected to complete by the calendar year end. Growth in funds under management and underlying profit A conducive market environment for risk assets continued through the year with interest rates across the developed world at highly accommodative levels and inflation subdued. There were bouts of volatility stemming from political risk including the negotiations around Brexit and the UK US and French elections although any equity market selloff was short lived. Bond returns were more mixed with the US Federal Reserves decision to increase US interest rates weighing on sentiment. Within the UK equities with As we continue to invest in the Group I look forward to building on our success to date and positioning of offices across the UK to deliver high service levels to our local adviser partners and I am delighted to confirm that we opened a new office in Cardiff in July 2017 allowing us to access new growth opportunities in a region we have not previously been able to serve fully. Our Funds business passed the 1bn milestone of FUM enjoying its most successful year to date and generating a profit for the first time. It remains our intention to complete the previously announced move of the Funds business into Investment CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW C O NT I N U E D Brooks Macdonald Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Chief Executives review continued Review of business continued Management this financial year subject to regulatory approval. The IFSL Brooks Macdonald Defensive Capital Fund within the targeted absolute return sector celebrated an impressive seventh anniversary year with FUM reaching 393m as at 30 June 2017 2016 223m and now over 425m. The fund received several positive ratings in 2017 including an Elite Rating by FundCalibre and Five Crowns by Financial Express FE Crown Fund Ratings based on its performance. Our MultiAsset Funds also saw significant growth during the year. Earlier this year the partners of North Row Capital LLP in which the Group held a 60 stake decided to terminate the fund resulting in an impairment loss of 0. 2m 2016 0. 4m. Our International business based in the Channel Islands delivered good growth with discretionary FUM increasing by on delivering value for our clients and partners through enhancing the services we provide improving business efficiency and continuing to adapt to the fast changing competitive and regulatory environment. During the financial year we have seen further consolidation across the sector given the need for investment in technology and in response to regulatory changes. We expect this to continue as companies seek scale and cost savings. We strongly believe in our future as an independent discretionary fund manager and will continue to look at acquisition opportunities when they arise to complement our organic growth plans. We have started our new financial year with positive momentum and we look forward with confidence notwithstanding our relative caution around markets and client sentiment. I would like to reiterate my thanks to everyone at Brooks Macdonald for their welcome and for their hard work and commitment to the business. Caroline Connellan Chief Executive 20 September 2017 Brooks Macdonald Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategic report STRATEGIC REPORT The market and our services We are an independent investment management firm providing a wide range of investment and wealth management services to private clients pension funds charities professional intermediaries and trustees. Our successful business model works to provide bespoke investment solutions with highquality professional staff delivering outstanding client service investment excellence and value for money from each of our nine UK based offices and two offshore offices in Jersey and Guernsey. In addition we have a property management business based in Hale and At the end of the year we delivered our large IT project to provide a common portfolio management platform across both the UK and Channel Islands involving the migration of data from two legacy systems. The new system will provide increased consistency and capacity across the Group and with the planned closure of our Guernseybased back office in September 2017 it will enable us to deliver further operational efficiencies. Some additional post migration work remains to be completed over the course of the next financial year and we will continue to take additional action to align and simplify processes so that we benefit from further economies of scale. Brooks Macdonald Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 Strategic report continued Group performance continued Operating costs continued We continue to operate in an increasingly regulated environment and we have again strengthened our legal risk and compliance departments by additional recruitment over the last financial year. In 2017 we saw the costs of the levy paid to the Financial Services Compensation Scheme FSCS stabilise at 0 .5m 2016 0 .5m. Net financial income and gains When the Group makes an acquisition it typically structures the deal whereby there are deferred payments to the vendors over a number of years against preagreed funds under management targets.