 Sterlings structural decline amplified typically cyclical commodity input cost increases for UK manufacturers importing many of their ingredients. The National Living Wage has similarly amplified annual labour cost inflation throughout the labour intensive food and agriculture sector and indeed beyond. This trend looks set to continue for some time with high profile butter price hikes driven by increased demand and a supply shortfall the most significant example in recent months. This market transition has seen us work proactively with our brand partners and customers to revise our product pricing and promotional portfolio to strike the right sustainable balance of providing value for consumers whilst delivering on margin requirements. These are difficult customer conversations and whilst diminished promotional spend reduced sales growth in the shortterm operating margin was successfully maintained in FY17 in conjunction with our internal efficiency improvement initiatives and recent capital investment. Strategic Investment Underpinning the Future Finsburys goal is to ensure that the Group is well positioned to maintain pricing for consumers and to remain a low cost producer for customers. These resilient results are testament to the importance of continually investing in our operations in order to improve overall productivity and offset increases in the Groups cost base. FY17 saw the second consecutive year of record capital investment at 12.5m some 181 of depreciation as we further strengthen the Groups growth capacity product capability efficiency and cost competitiveness. This has seen the installation of a new automated whole cake line in improvement. A 15 rise in sales to continental Europe demonstrating the benefits of geographic diversification. 7 Finsbury Food Group Annual Report Accounts 2017 Chief Executives Report Finally we have entered into consultation for the closure of Grain DOr the Groups lossmaking pastry factory. Over the two and a half year period since acquisition we have been working closely with management of this site to stem the losses it experienced. However although improvements have been made the ongoing pressures from commodity and labour cost increases has made it difficult to maintain customer contracts. The cost to close if seen as an investment will be justified by the reduction in losses. The Group will update the market following the completion of the consultation process and depending on the outcome will outline the financial consequences of any decision. A Consistent Strategy for Uncertain Times Our vision is to be a leading speciality bakery Group which produces a broad range of high quality products for growing channels and market niches delivers growth and differentiation for our major customers and fulfills endconsumer requirements. Our focus is on the UK but increasingly we are extending our reach into Europe. We operate in competitive sectors and markets supplying brand partners and customers with innovative safe and high quality bakery products which anticipate and fulfil consumer trends are efficiently and sustainably made and offer great value. These results show that this strategy has delivered results for the Group. Additional investment to better understand consumer needs and category growth replacement programs are ongoing along with continued focus on energy usage such as oven burner efficiencies and insulated traywash facilities. Trade effluent reduction initiatives are ongoing with investment in a new effluent treatment plant completed at one of our larger bakeries. Employee Social and Community Issues With the successful roll out of the Groups vision and values the Group holds various family fun days as part of the employee engagement program. We have links with employment agencies and continue to participate in employability work placements that help provide work placements for individuals who find it difficult to get back to full time employment. Various charities are supported and in some instances the sites employee forum decides on the local charity. In an attempt to promote health and wellbeing fitness and running clubs have been established at a local basis. Technical Matters All sites hold grade A or the highest AA rating under the British Retail Consortium version 7 standard. As a Group all technical functions have come together to establish a Group Technical Strategy which is a dynamic three year plan covering all aspects of people food safety legal compliance and the establishment of a quality culture underpinned by consistent process control. Major investment has also taken place in the form of upgrading team member facilities to a best in standard and we have continued to invest in a strong visual good manufacturing programme on site. Health continues to be a major focus for the business. Dedicated resource continues to Director at Jordans Cereals now a part of Associated British Foods. He has also served as Vice President of CIAA a European trade association for food and drink and was on the Executive Board of FDF the UK Food and Drink Federation. John Duffy Chief Executive Officer John was appointed CEO of Finsbury Food Group with effect from 30th September 2009 following a year as interim COO and has led the turnaround of an indebted Group with a market capitalisation of only 6m in 2009 to the restructured and fast growing 150m market cap growth business of today. This transformation required significant operational improvements and new leadership throughout the Group as well as both a business disposal and several acquisitions. The acquisition of Fletchers Bakery Group for 56m in 2014 delivered a step change in scale to 300m sales and diversification into the faster growing out of home eating channel. Following an engineering degree Johns early career was in the oil industry in exploration and production with Shell International. John then completed a fulltime MBA at the University of Strathclyde Business School before enjoying 10 years at Directorlevel in manufacturing and logistics roles at Mars the global FMCG business. This was followed by private equity experience within the portfolio investments of both LG Ventures and Bridgepoint e.g. as Operations Director at crisps and snacks manufacturer Golden Wonder and Managing Director of WT Foods largest chilled foods subsidiary Noon Products before and after its sale to Kerry Foods.