 It supports pressurised local authorities and public bodies in their drive to deliver the regeneration that their communities need but with limited resource to do so. It responds to consumer demand for mixeduse environments where they can live work play and study. It delivers tangible socio economic benefits and it creates value for shareholders. It is particularly inspiring to see the way that the UI team approaches these projects. There is real care and conviction a desire to build true partnerships with local communities and decisionmakers but also a rigorous focus on risk management and value creation for shareholders. The Groups portfolio with a Gross Development Value GDV of 6 billion is anchored by largescale Public Private Partnership PPP projects balanced with shorterterm trading activity to produce regular consistent returns. These projects give us visibility on a pipeline that stretches to 2020 and beyond with over 150 million of gains set to be delivered in the next three years. The investment portfolio is transitioning to a focus on regeneration to support development and trading activities improve performance and drive stronger returns. And our specialist platforms are designed to leverage our equity and intellectual capital to drive growth and maximise financial efficiency. This spread of activity with assets in the London City Region Manchester and Dublin provides welcome diversification and several routes to value creation. In my nine months as Chairman Matthew and Richard have continued to knit this company together strengthen the team and create a unified of opportunities ahead I am confident of success. Matthew Weiner Chief Executive Officer 26 April 2017 Our aim is simple to deliver vibrant mixeduse regeneration projects that c reate recurring sustainable economic and social value for local stakeholders and longlasting value for our sh areholders 9 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our markets The property market might have been expected to slump against such an unpromising backdrop and certainly Brexit had a significant impact with Q3 2016 being characterised by limited transactional activity. However during Q4 2016 activity started to return and confidence grew following a series of unexpectedly strong economic indicators. GDP growth was better than forecast while consumer spending and business optimism were both greater than expected. In recent months however some worrying signs have begun to emerge. UK GDP growth is slowing inflation is rising and wages are static all trends that we expect to intensify during 2017. Business investment has been disappointing for several months and is likely to continue in that vein. The quarterly Deloitte CFO survey a key measure of business confidence shows that most finance directors would still prefer to retain cash than invest it in new projects. This is unlikely to change as Brexit negotiations get underway. And consumers who have buoyed the UK economy for years are under pressure. Household budgets are being squeezed by the rising cost of everyday goods as wage growth remains elusive. This creates a further challenge for retailers many of which are already struggling as ecommerce becomes ever more prevalent and business rates rise. Opportunities remain Despite these challenging conditions our competitive advantages remain strong and we are confident that plenty of opportunities exist for us to make rewarding investments and generate value for our stakeholders. Our optimism is tempered with caution. We have raised our required rate of return on new projects and we have become even more forensic in our due diligence. However a number of factors contribute to our sense of optimism factors that hold This time last year amid a multitude of economic financial and social concerns one specific issue stood out the referendum on EU membership and the impact of a vote to leave. Today Brexit is a fact of life. The full effects of that decision have yet to be felt but the UK has triggered Article 50 and departure from the EU is inevitable. A challenging backdrop 10 U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 good today and are likely to persist for several years in our core markets of the London City Region Manchester and Dublin. Commercial pockets of potential Within the commercial property space the cycle is at a point where rents are broadly stable and yields static but where construction costs are rising. Against this development has been limited for almost a decade so the supply of office space is tight and vacancies are low. We believe there are some broad themes is impacted by a lack of capacity which can lead to considerable delays in implementing consent. Failure to secure planning consent can either cause delay or render a project unviableunprofitable and lead to the write off of considerable costs or reduced profit potential. Delay in the period between consent and start on site can reduce profitability. The Group retains a team with extensive experience of achieving planning consents and local knowledge supplemented by advisors and sector specialist partners to maximise the chance of success and reduce the risks and costs of failure. An alternative exit strategy is always considered in case of planning failure. The Groups PPP model seeks to build partnerships with local statutory and planning authorities as a way of mitigating risk. The ability to obtain clear planning decisions is increasingly compromised by key political events such as the constant cycle of regional and national elections. It is also hampered by under resourced planning departments. As projects and planning regulations become ever more complex particularly where more dense mixeduse schemes are concerned there is an urgent need to professionalise planning departments and decision making committees. This was ignored by the recent White Paper. 20 U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction UIs business model is to deliver returns through regeneration realising profits by successfully repositioning undervalued land and assets into new places that deliver social and economic value to a wide range of stakeholders.