 As a result we are now a stronger company and well positioned to benefit from the improving market environment across our portfolio of diversified lowcost longlife assets. A disciplined ramp up of production across our Zinc Aluminium Iron Ore and Power businesses is delivering significant growth. Iron ore from Goa mining operations Engineers at the aluminium wire rods facility Vedanta Resources plc Annual Report FY2017 14 INNOVATION AND USE OF TECHNOLOGY Digitalisation of the mining industry is gaining traction and Vedanta is capitalising on Indias leading position and expertise in information technology. Building on two of our core values of entrepreneurship and innovation during the year we have stepped up our efforts to discover and implement new innovative and disruptive technologies through the introduction of new systems and incentive programmes. One example is Eureka our new digital platform to nurture and incubate inhouse innovation and technology which is currently being embedded throughout the business. It encourages our employees to come up with innovative ideas focusing on using technology to support mining in a sustainable way by reducing waste and improving energy efficiency. To date around 1000 ideas have been submitted and 200 were selected for implementation and these will be rolled out across our operations. Quarterly innovation awards reward those employees who produce the most innovative ideas providing employees with a further incentive. The top three ideas were awarded after evaluation by an expert committee security. To this end they are targeting a 10 reduction in Indias imports of oil gas by 2022 and have introduced a number of reforms and new policies aimed at attracting investment and boosting production. India is underexplored with only seven of the 26 sedimentary basins currently producing oil gas which offers significant opportunities. As the largest private sector producer of crude oil in India with a strong track record and growth pipeline in exploration and development Vedanta is well positioned to benefit from the Governments desire to boost domestic production and to leverage Indias oil gas resource potential. CHANGE IN OIL DEMAND BETWEEN 2015 2040 MBD 4.1 6.0 0.9 11.0 China India Other World Source Wood Mackenzie Zinc Longterm Outlook Q4 2016. Source World Energy Outlook 2016 26 Vedanta Resources plc Annual Report FY2017 INCREASED AVAILABILITY OF DOMESTIC COAL HAS ENABLED LOWER COAL COSTS Global thermal coal price VED Wtd avg coal cost 80 90 100 110 120 130 140 150 160 8 3 0 5 6 5 10 15 Q1 16 Q4 17 Q3 17 Q2 17 Q1 17 Q4 16 Q3 16 Q2 16 Domestic coal Imported coal Note Above data is for CPPs and IPPs at Jharsuguda and BALCO 1. Indexed to 100 Mix is at normalized GCV MARKET REVIEW CONTINUED POWER Vedanta operates a 9GW diversified power portfolio in India consisting of 96 thermal power and 4 from renewable energy sources. India has the fifth largest power generation capacity in the world and demand for Annual Report FY2017 RESOURCES AND RELATIONSHIPS WHAT WE DO FINANCIAL Strong cash generation Quality of balance sheet HUMAN Skilled workforce Health and safety initiatives INTELLECTUAL Culture of innovation Technology focus NATURAL Extensive resourcerich deposits and fields RELATIONSHIPS Strong relationships with stakeholders Local consent of communities ACROSS OUR VALUE CHAIN WE WORK CLOSELY WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS TO MAINTAIN OUR LICENCE TO OPERATE EXPLORE We invest selectively in exploration and appraisal to extend mine and reservoir life. DEVELOP We develop worldclass assets using the latest technology to optimise productivity. EXTRACT We operate lowcost mines and oil fields with a clear focus on safety and efficiency. PROCESS We focus on operational excellence and high asset utilisation to deliver top quartile cost performance and strong cash flow. MARKET We supply our commodities to customers in a wide range of industry sectors from automotive to construction from energy to consumer goods. RESTORE We manage our longlife assets as effectively as possible and return them to a natural state at the end of their useful life. Divisional reviews see pages 70103 For more information see pages 3031 BUSINESS MODEL 29 Vedanta Resources plc Annual Report FY2017 www.vedantaresources.com STRATEGIC REPORT DIRECTORS REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT VALUE CREATION Operations are strategically located in India and Africa Competitive positioning all major assets are in first or second cost quartile Attractive commodity mix and market leading position in zinc Commitment to create a sustainable future SHAREHOLDERS Dividends through the cycle Total shareholder return Returned c.2 identify and minimise any potentially negative operational impacts and risks through responsible behaviour acting transparently and ethically promoting dialogue and complying with commitments to stakeholders. Integration of sustainability objectives into longterm plans. Emissions and climate change IMPACT IMPACT CRITERIA MITIGATION Our global presence exposes us to a number of jurisdictions in which regulations or laws have been or are being considered to limit or reduce emissions. The likely effect of these changes will be to increase the cost for fossil fuels impose levies for emissions in excess of certain permitted levels and increased administrative costs for monitoring and reporting. Increasing regulation of greenhouse gas GHG emissions including the progressive introduction of carbon emissions trading mechanisms and tighter emission reduction targets is likely to raise costs and reduce demand growth. Business model Future performance HSEC Reputation Carbon Forum with business representation monitors developments and set out defensive policies strategy and actions. Defining targets and implementing action plans to reduce the carbon intensity of our operations. This will include reduce emission intensity through technology energy conservation and efficiency increase renewable mix to the extent feasible and increase green cover at our locations. Engaging with Government on carbon policies and innovation technologies. Facilitate development and implementation of the adaptive measures in the community around our operations. Institutionalise system to manage carbon risks and opportunities across the business over the life cycle of its products. Engage with stakeholders in creating awareness and developing climate change solutions.