 Working with our airline partners we are able to offer our customers unrivalled regional network connectivity and the convenience of travelling from local airports to global destinations. o ur regional services into major hubs around europe including Flybe is becoming the go to partner of international airlines wishing to extend their network to the regions of the u K and europe. Franchise Flybe can offer a truly regional service to our customers through our franchise partners blue Islands l oganair and Stobart Air. Heads of t erms have been signed for a new franchise and joint venture alliance with eastern Airways which enhances services to and from Scotland. network with those offered by our increasing number of codeshare partners. Some of the most popular global destinations are only one stop away. From Aberdeen to Houston or Singapore belfast to New Delhi or New york edinburgh to l os Angeles or Shanghai exeter to Dubai or Sydney the choices are endless. A world of opportunity is within easy reach of the regions. by travelling with our codeshare partners our customers can board their Flybe flight at their local airport and be seamlessly checked through to their final destination. Codeshares V V LOGO AIRFRANCE N dossier 2007399E Date 190509 alidation DADC alidation Client P296C P032C l ondon Heathrow birmingham Manchester Amsterdam Dublin Paris Dsseldorf and Helsinki enable customers to fulfil their global travel needs. In turn these partnerships deliver sustainable growth Minister for Aviation l ord Ahmad of Wimbledon commented Flybes flights from both edinburgh and Aberdeen to l ondon Heathrow will offer competition choice and vital trading opportunities for people and businesses in Scotland. t hese routes are good news for Scotland and for britain as a whole in delivering better regional connectivity to important global markets. From Scotland to London Heathrow I travel most weeks to our factory in the north west from the south and have been doing so for six years. t he most efficient way to travel is by taking advantage of Flybes Southampton to Manchester route. Flying is by far the most costeffective quickest and hasslefree way to make this journey on a regular basis. your slogan faster than road or rail is very true it is also a great deal less stressful. Flybes convenient timetable allows me to travel up and back in a day or the flexibility to return at an appropriate day and time to suit my business agenda. I would also compliment Flybe on the professionalism of the call centre and cabin crew in particular their approachable manner and helpful attitude. I would recommend Flybe whether travelling for business or pleasure without any hesitation. Chris Arthur o rganica u K l imited Providing reliable competitively priced commercial and leisure links to our islands remains vital for the communities that live there. t he importance of Flybe in the u K domestic market has been highlighted in recent years with the continued Aviation Services FAS generated a profit before tax of 3.4m 201516 2.5m as third party revenues increased 39.5 to 31.8m. t he A400M facility in brize Norton maintained its strong contribution to the FAS result. In 201718 it is anticipated that there will be a reduced contribution from the A400M service contract as FAS moves from the startup phase into business as usual. Overview t hrough deploying the added legacy fleet commitments along with an evolving route network and improved customer offering total revenue increased by 13.4 to 707.4m 201516 623.8m. Seat capacity increased by 12.3 to 12.7 million seats and passenger numbers increased by 7.6 to 8.8 million. Passenger yield on seats sold has been resilient holding broadly flat at 70.20 but revenue per seat has fallen by 3.6 to 48.84 reflecting the increased capacity and competitive market conditions. o ur cost base is predominantly driven by the 12.3 capacity growth with operating costs increasing by 15.4 from 615.1m to 709.8m. Costs this year are adversely affected by the fall in the value of sterling but as we hedged most of our currency requirements there is a total spot and hedged currency gain of 26.0m within other operating gains. At a line level the main cost variances can be summarised as follows Fuel costs fell 3.6 from 104.9m to 101.1m with a gain of 16.0m 15.8 arising from falling fuel prices net of 7.1m of adverse u S dollar movements offset by c12.2m 12.1 of higher costs arising due fraud could adversely affect Flybes brand and reputation and have an adverse impact on revenue. While a continuous review and improvement in relation to information security risk takes place the following controls are in place Information Security Committee oversees the security framework to ensure there are appropriate controls Security awareness policy and procedures including a policy readandsign Information security training t he use of third party experts to assess risk and recommend mitigating actions Robust security procedures which are tested and reviewed by independent third parties and t he deployment of system monitoring software to detect and prevent unauthorised access. Commercial and operational Flybe is exposed to sustained deterioration in general economic conditions and reduction in domestic and regional air travel particularly in the u K. V 1 2 6 Adverse pressure on revenue and load factors and negative impact on Flybes future plans and profitability. Flybe monitors route performance constantly and adjusts flying patterns and pricing to customer demand. Flybe has a continuous focus on cost reduction and optimising its fleet size. Flybe will reduce its fleet and capacity by handing back leased aircraft at the end of the lease term.