 Identification of relevant market segments Segment Population size 10 year growth Private investment pool growth trajectory 85 0.2m 35 2545bn 7584 Retired 0.9m 38 170180bn 6574 Retiring 1.5m 8 335355bn 5564 Preretirement 1.6m 18 350370bn 3554 Peak savers 1.9m 2 208225bn 2534 Young professionals 0.5m 1 525bn Platforum also estimate that 24 billion 2 is held directly with fund managers. Again this can provide a source of transfers in to Vantage or an opportunity to acquire the entire direct back books from fund management groups. In previous years acquisitions have been made from Jupiter JPMorgan Legg Mason and more recently in July we announced a deal to acquire up to 90 million and 4300 clients from BlackRock. We will continue to pursue similar deals as they arise. Strategic report Market outlook 1 Source Mind the Gap Aviva and Deloitte September 2016. 2 Source Platforum UK D2C Guide July 2017. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 09 Hargreaves Lansdown Report and Financial Statements 2017 The size of the private wealth market provides significant opportunity for transfers onto our platform. Transfers come from across the market spectrum showing our appeal to clients who currently hold assets elsewhere. Many existing clients look to transfer and consolidate their investments in one easy to manage place while for new clients the opening of an account and a subsequent transfer may be triggered through a desire to have a more modern and superior service high. We continue to strive to provide an incredible level of client service in all that we do. Net new business 6.9 billion Expanding our digital footprint is a key strategic drive we received 138.4 million digital visits for the year to June 2017 up 31 on last year. An important enhancement this year was the launch of our new mobile app in February. Mobile functionality is no longer an optional extra it is essential for people who want to manage their investments. The app has been well received and we are getting great feedback from users. We have now had over 486000 downloads and the additional functionality that enables clients to place cash with us has resulted in 72 million being added to the Vantage platform. The introduction of Touch ID as a means to login has also seen a change in client behaviour with more frequent engagement with their investments. As a result we now see more digital contact from mobile devices and app visits than through our traditional desktop site. With all of this in mind I want to recognise the hard work and commitment of my colleagues throughout the business and thank them. They have strived this year to deliver incredible service to clients in the face of significant increases in activity and have also managed to develop the range and extent of the services we provide. Delivering our strategy As the new Chief Executive my challenge is to drive the next phase of Hargreaves Lansdowns took the decision to set up HL Tech in Warsaw Poland to leverage the considerable IT development talent located there. Our aim is to have 50 developers up and running during 2018 enabling us to push forward with improvements and developments to our services at a faster pace. Equally businesses must ensure that they have resources allocated to and continually adapting their response to cyber attack and we continue to invest heavily here. Ensuring the security of our clients assets is the most important thing we do. Looking forward I am pleased that we have delivered strong 2017 results in an environment where the UK has many challenges. Global politics are unsettled our position with Europe in a state of flux and markets continue to be uncertain. Unfortunately this state of affairs is set to continue for a while yet. At the same time society is going through longterm changes in demographics meaning that people are older for longer. Pension arrangements are moving from defined benefit to defined contributions where individuals must take responsibility for managing their financial future and over a longer period. People are not making sufficient provision for this so the country has a longterm savings gap of an estimated 314 billion 3. Offering great value and an incredible service At a time where people need to be taking greater involvement with their finances pensions and savings are increasingly more complicated. The advent of pension freedoms the challenges of drawdown the complexity of lifetime and annual allowance on our website is easy to find application processes only ask for the information we really need and if you contact us by telephone you will be put through directly to a person rather than an automated telephone system. Innovative We continue to innovate around our clients needs through challenging ourselves to always deliver better solutions better services and a better experience. From the new improved mobile experience to our new HL Select funds we are continually delivering new ways to help clients invest. Campaigning The Group actively seeks to lobby via public consultation documents where they believe that investors in the UK will benefit. Examples during the year include Working with HM Treasury on the development of the new LISA and a ban on cold calling to reduce the risk of pension fraud. Lobbying the DWP to give employees more control over their workplace pensions and improved access to pensions for the selfemployed. Strategic report Corporate social responsibility Hargreaves Lansdown Report and Financial Statements 2017 28 Employee wellbeing Our dedicated people are central to delivering our values and ensuring their wellbeing is therefore a key focus. In addition to providing competitive benefits packages and tailored learning and development programmes we have introduced several workshops and initiatives over the last 12 months to raise awareness of and promote a healthy working environment for employees.