 3 Net of proceeds from disposal of nil 2016 1.5 million 2015 75.5 million. 08 EnQuest PLC Annual Report 2017 Chairmans statement EnQuest performance overview EnQuest delivered a number of commendable operational achievements in 2017 combined with another year of strong safety performance. In June first oil was achieved at the Kraken project a critical turning point for the Company in delivering improved operating cash flow and marking the start of a material reduction in the Groups capital investment requirements. While the subsequent rampup in production took longer than anticipated following initial commissioning and operational efficiency issues by the end of the year this large and complex development had produced over 40000 Bopd gross. In the first two months of 2018 average gross production was around 38000 Bopd and has reached 50000 Bopd with improving operational efficiency as we continue to optimise performance. Group production of 37405 Boepd in 2017 was disappointing primarily caused by performance issues at AlmaGalia and lower than planned production from both Kraken and ScoltyCrathes. Despite the challenges presented by the prevailing macroeconomic environment the Group undertook further steps to set the platform to improve the balance sheet. The Group delivered operating and capital expenditures in line with targets demonstrating the teams focus on cost control and managing commercial agreements. EnQuest also completed a crude oil prepayment transaction and executed a refinancing agreement for team to explore the potential of the field that brings with it approximately 14 MMboe of additional net 2P reserves at 31 December 2017. Full year net production in 2017 was 3928 Boepd. Safety efficiency value The 2018 plan for Magnus can be summarised as keep it safe increase efficiency and explore how we can create further value. Immediate activities include performing two well interventions and drilling a new longreach producer well to enhance production rates. Proposals are also being developed to drill twin producer and injector wells later this year. At the same time the team will review platform operations primarily to eliminate unnecessary complexity while maintaining our focus on safety. Magnus proximity to our other Northern North Sea assets also presents the opportunity for EnQuest to identify and capitalise on efficiencies in areas such as logistics support while our prenegotiated option to acquire BPs remaining 75 interest in Magnus as well as additional interests in the other transaction assets potentially positions us to generate further value. New depth of experience With more than 300 employees working at Magnus SVT and onshore in Aberdeen transferring to EnQuest our businesswide pool of experience knowledge and competency has also grown. Amid this growth we commit to preserving the essential EnQuest characteristics of agility and dynamism. At SVT we intend to engage with other stakeholders to ensure it remains fitforpurpose and proactively explore new business opportunities and maximise the longterm value of the terminal. As an operator of assets we have a 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 0 10000 20000 30000 40000 Before EnQuest operatorship After EnQuest operatorship Value enhancement through EnQuests differential capabilities Without EnQuests focused life extension capability it is anticipated production rates would have continued to decline. By instigating work programmes on both the topside facilities and wells and pursuing performance efficiency across our operations we arrested the longterm decline trend and started developing a strategy for future growth. Achievements to date include Well intervention activities responsible for increasing our overall active well stock and reducing the gasoil ratio allowing for more robust operations Rotating machinery reliability improvements primarily relating to the gas compression trains Production history matching within the reservoir surveillance and dynamic simulation models to support future investment in development drilling and secondary recovery schemes to add additional reserves and further extend field life Process simplification using MultiPhase Flow Meters in place of Test Separators to reduce equipment count and eliminating the requirement to maintain redundant equipment and Improving safety systems asset integrity and equipment reliability by upgrading and replacing obsolete components. These programmes have helped PM8Seligi deliver average working interest production of 8123 Boepd in 2017. This ranks the fields as EnQuests single largest production hub in 2017 generating 22 of EnQuests total production and 22 more than the next largest hub. Such success would not have been possible however without a strong relationship with our regulator and partner the national oil company Petroliam Nasional Berhad PETRONAS which holds a 50 interest our continued commitment to improvement was demonstrated through the following outcomes UK North Sea Continued focus on coaching our workforce to identify understand and control Major Accident Hazards. Underpinning this workplace coaching were workshops held at DNV GL Spadeadam which demonstrate the potential consequences of hydrocarbon releases Further developing the capabilities of elected Safety Representatives and Environment Representatives through structured engagement sessions Embedding our Life Saving Rules to underline the importance of maintaining standards and encouraging procedural compliance Demonstrating our commitment to industry simplification and standardisation initiatives by adopting industry standard tools for observational safety and toolbox talks Transitioning to a new control of work tool which enhances both system and behavioural compliance and Safely transitioning the Magnus and Sullom Voe Oil Terminal SVT assets from BP ensuring that all required processes licences and consents were in place and available for day one operations.