 Food intolerance Expansion of Foodprint in key market segments is going to plan with new accounts expected to start delivering significant revenue streams over the next few years. Our RD team in Ely are also making great strides in terms of implementing process improvements to allow us to handle the increasing demand and deliver key improvements to our customers. Partners in China have been identified and work on the lengthy registration process will commence in this financial year. Allergy and autoimmune Allersys 41 allergens CEmarked and we are making substantial progress with the next phase of development with a further eleven allergens optimised. We believe we have now agreed the main outline terms which should enable the formal contract negotiations with IDS to proceed. Allergodip 80 allergens have now been optimised and ongoing work continues with the development of a mobile phone app ahead of the initial launch of panels later this year. Infectious disease VISITECT CD4 Achieved our key milestone of design freeze by the end of March challenges and some disappointments of course but over the 30 years it has been an absolute pleasure to experience Omega corporate life and the science that we use on a daily basis and to create and investigate new opportunities and interactions with so many people around the world. We are now moving into an accelerated growth phase and we have some very exciting times ahead of us. Food Detective sales 2.1m 10 Genarrayt Foodprint sales 4.7m 34 For more information see our Financial Review 18 Omega Diagnostics Group PLC 10 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW continued Core business continued Segmental revenue performance continued Infectious disease continued In the development of the VISITECT Malaria range we have a defined strategy to provide affordable but high quality tests that are designed with the user in mind. The devices are easy to use and come equipped with all the necessary components to run the tests effectively at the point of care. The range is generating good interest via businesstobusiness channels and at the same time we continue to work on incountry product registrations and successfully achieving global regulatory standards that will enable us to include the range in high volume public sector tender exercises. In addition to the malaria rapid tests we are also evaluating additional rapid tests for dengue syphilis leptospira brucella and S. typhi. Global health update The past year has seen significant progress in the development of VISITECT CD4 the worlds first semiquantitative instrumentfree rapid test for assessing CD4 baseline status in successfully optimised 50 Allersys allergens for use on the IDSiSYS system that are ready for commercial launch. Our foundations In 2010 Omega Diagnostics Group PLC acquired the IVD division of allergy and specific immunotherapy specialist Allergopharma Joachim Ganzer KG giving access to a range of allergy tests for over 600 allergens. This gave the Group a position in allergy testing that could be exploited in two ways. First by driving international sales of current products through its existing global distribution network and second by delivering automated allergy tests in conjunction with Immunodiagnostic Systems IDSiSYS system. Our markets Allergy is defined as a hypersensitivity response by the immune system. In the majority of cases allergic reactions are caused by IgE antibodies. IgE mediated allergies are defined by their rapid onset and can cause a variety of symptoms ranging from mild rhinitis to severe anaphylaxis. The World Allergy Organisation WAO estimates that between 30 and 40 of the global population is affected by one or more allergic diseases e.g. asthma eczema rhinitis urticaria food allergy or drug allergy. The allergy diagnostic market is forecast to grow steadily at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of 12.67 for the period 20152019. 1 Our products The current product range is well established and addresses the enzymelinked immunoassay ELISA and strippanel test segments of the markets. Allergozyme is a paper discbased ELISA that quantifies the amount of circulating Specific IgE in a patient sample for over 600 different allergens. This product is largely sold into or rickettsial infections. In addition there is an existing range of rapid diagnostic tests under the VISITECT brand designed to detect malaria syphilis leptospirosis and dengue fever. The VISITECT range will be extended by the successful commercialisation of VISITECT CD4 as well as transferring the manufacture of the existing range to our facility in Pune. Our strategy Since its inception Omega Diagnostics Limited has manufactured invitro diagnostics IVD which have been successfully exported for nearly 30 years. However these products are coming under threat from advances in technology and competitive activity. The formation of Omegas Global health division has allowed us to formulate a strategy aimed at delivering innovative diagnostic solutions that address significant unmet diagnostic needs and establish a profitable and growing business with mid to longterm outlook. Omegas partnership with the Burnet Institute has focused efforts in expanding rapid test manufacturing capabilities and providing a means to diversify routes to market via the nongovernmental organisation NGO arena and associated funding. To achieve our objectives we utilise strong alliances with leading research institutions and mutually beneficial thirdparty commercial partnerships enabling access to the most relevant technologies for POC testing. We will focus on lateral flow as the preferred platform which will allow us to exploit Omegas high quality manufacturing facilities in Alva UK and Pune India. Infectious disease revenues 15 16 17 2.5m 2.5m 2.