 The US remains a key market for Diurnal and the Group intends to progress the Phase III development of both Infacort and Chronocort in this region during the new financial year whilst assessing the optimal commercialisation strategy in parallel. As planned the funds raised at the IPO have allowed the Group to continue to build its team and we have been able to attract highly skilled individuals across the organisation. The agreement with Ashfield Healthcare announced during the year has facilitated a rapid and efficient buildout of our European commercial organisation without the need to undertake costly upfront investment in infrastructure in each of our key territories. I am pleased to see that the Ashfield team has integrated seamlessly with Diurnal staff and are rapidly implementing our launch plans. Diurnal also continues to invest in its earlierstage pipeline with good progress being made with the Groups oral native testosterone product which entered human clinical trials during the year as well as our programmes in Cushings Disease cortisol excess and hypothyroidism. Meeting milestones building our future Chairmans statement It is with great pleasure that I report on the significant progress Diurnal has made this financial year towards becoming a worldleading endocrinologyfocused specialty pharma company. Most notable is the delivery of key milestones towards first commercial revenues. Through this period of development Diurnal has maintained its entrepreneurial and patientcentric approach which has enabled the progression of a valuable thank my fellow Board members for the progress made this year in overseeing a strategy that will ensure continued and sustainable growth from our pipeline. Finally I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support as Diurnal aims to make a real difference to patients without effective treatment options for chronic endocrine diseases. Peter Allen Chairman 5 September 2017 Diurnals progress towards becoming a worldleading endocrinologyfocused specialty pharma company has been characterised by a strong focus on capital efficiency whilst making sure that high quality resources are available on a timely basis. Diurnals organisation reflects the need for different skills at different stages of the product development cycle and provides the ability to respond flexibly to business needs. Key elements of Diurnals structure are A core internal team covering development regulatory manufacturing supply chain and commercialisation in addition to administration. Many of Diurnals team work virtually giving the Group access to the best individuals worldwide regardless of location. Trusted consultants and contractors bringing expertise to Diurnals development manufacturing and commercialisation activities. A network of contract organisations providing robust support for critical business activities worldwide. Diurnal has had successful longterm relationships with many of its partners. One example of such a relationship is with Glatt GmbH who manufacture Infacort and Chronocort products. Diurnal started working with Glatt in 2010 initially for the development of formulations then moving onto clinical trial product manufacture scale up and for Infacort progression to manufacture of commercial product at Glatts facility in Binzen Germany for our lead products. Finally we continue to develop our earlystage pipeline which is addressing further unmet needs in the endocrine space and hope to announce further progress during the coming 12 months. STRATEGIC REPORT 8 Diurnal Group plc Annual Report 2017 The diseases we are targeting Our markets Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia CAH An orphan condition usually caused by deficiency of the enzyme 21hydroxylase required to produce the adrenal steroid hormone cortisol. The block in the cortisol production pathway causes the over production of male steroid hormones androgens which are precursors to cortisol. The condition is congenital inherited at birth and affects both sexes. The cortisol deficiency and overproduction of male sex hormones can lead to increased mortality infertility and severe development defects including ambiguous genitalia premature precocious sexual development and short stature. Sufferers even if treated remain at risk of death through an adrenal crisis. The condition is estimated to affect a total of approximately 71000 patients across Europe 51000 and the US 20000 with approximately 405000 in the rest of the world. The European and US markets are estimated to be worth a combined 0.5bn annually. Current therapy for CAH uses a combination of generic steroids hydrocortisone dexamethasone and prednisolone and are estimated to adequately treat approximately one third of CAH patients. Goals of our product development Improved drug treatments Potential for reduced sideeffects Better patient adherence Improved bioavailability Improved patient outcomes Cost effective treatment Adrenal glands Glands affected Thyroid gland Gonad glands Pituitary gland Adrenal Insufficiency AI the development of new chemical or biological entities whilst enabling significant inmarket protection through both patent filings and regulatory protection. For example the active ingredient of both Infacort and Chronocort hydrocortisone is extremely welltolerated with an extensive safety database through over 50 years of clinical use. Diurnals product candidates are protected by a whollyowned patent portfolio benefiting from granted or pending patents in key jurisdictions along with strong protection through Orphan Drug designations. Significant progress towards commercialisation of Infacort in Europe Infacort is Diurnals most clinically advanced product and is the first preparation of hydrocortisone the synthetic version of cortisol specifically designed for use in children suffering from adrenal insufficiency AI including the related disease congenital adrenal hyperplasia CAH. Currently there is no licensed hydrocortisone preparation in Europe or the US specifically designed to treat these young patients. Infacort is expected to be the first pharmaceutically defined dose and consistent formulation of hydrocortisone designed specifically for children. The patented immediaterelease oral product has been designed to meet the dosing needs of children and is manufactured using commercially proven technology in paediatric acceptable doses to give maximum flexibility to clinicians in tailoring treatment to children as they develop and grow. Currently pharmacists often compound grind hydrocortisone tablets to a fine powder and reconstitute it into individual capsules or sachets to achieve the lower doses required for children. Compounding is not a licensed method of producing medicines it can be highly variable and may result in inaccurate dosing to patients.