 In addition the developments have cameradoor entry and a 24hour emergency call system with pendant alarms. They also feature a large amount of communal space to help shared lounge guest suite to accommodate visiting family and friends and landscaped grounds. Our sitebased house managers provide help and assistance for homeowners and are responsible for the daytoday running of each development. Image 1. Elm Tree Court Huntingdon Case study Regaining our independence was a really important factor in our relocation as getting out and where we lived before. Now we have easy access in and out of our home whether were meeting friends in the homeowners lounge at Churchmead Court or heading into town. We have the most amazing House Manager Tina. She has become a good friend to us and is always happy to help us at any time of day. Tina organises lots of events to get everyone together including to the local theatre and shes currently organising trips to York and Skegness which we are really looking forward to. Mr and Mrs Towers Churchmead Court Hinckley 1 The Lifetime Homes Standard is a series of sixteen design criteria intended to make homes more easily adaptable for lifetime use at minimal cost 20 McCarthy Stone plc Our Products Retirement Living Plus A retirement apartment you care and support 1 Image 1. Sydney Court Sidcup STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS McCarthy Stone plc Annual Report and Accounts 21 For those aged 70 Estate manager and onsite team Homeowners lounge Restaurantbistro wellbeing suite Wheelchair Accessibility Standards CQC 1 registered 24hour support Typically 5070 apartments Our Retirement Living Plus developments management services domestic assistance and personal care. It is an attractive alternative for people seeking additional support whilst maintaining their independence. Developments are similar to Retirement Living but have a number of additional features including a full tableservice restaurant or bistro with meals freshly prepared onsite a function room laundry and secure mobility scooter store room. There is also a dedicated estate management team onsite 24 hours a day 365 days a year which is led whether it is shopping cleaning or more care services. Tailored and mean homeowners only pay for the additional help they use. 12 479 c.36 Case study I viewed the development with my daughters and soninlaw and was shown a southfacing onebedroom apartment which I was immediately taken by. I was impressed with the beautiful dcor and wide range of facilities and was delighted I would be able to bring my 13 yearold cat with me. I really enjoy being part of the active community here and everyone has been so friendly and welcoming. Ive always been a sociable person so its lovely that there are always other people around and lots of activities course the art classes. Rowena Hampton Bowes Lyon Court Poundbury 1 See page 158 for improve capital turn in new previously untapped locations. within the total legal completions of for private open market rent. PfP are well placed to provide them with access to the retirement housing sector. We intend to develop this relationship Investment and growth strategy We continue to pursue our strategy more than 3000 units per annum over demand for our products and we are us to achieve our planned growth. We capital structure and the necessary is focused on achieving this goal. Market demand supply and demand within the housing market continues to provide us with an exceptional market opportunity. is particularly acute in the market for Stone stands alone among the national focuses entirely on this market. formulated a tailored approach to sales planning consents and construction that our customers receive the highest standards of ongoing support through who are looking to move to properties more suited to their needs and lifestyle. Land bank secured with a high level of optionality. and competition for our typical to maintain operational focus and discipline in the assessment of our land purchases to ensure that returns 1 1 See page 158 for glossary of terms 28 McCarthy Stone plc Chief Executives Statement continued in North London South West East senior management teams in place operational expertise. structure to manage our nine regions. and will provide the framework to run an all the new positions from internal these new divisions will complete our planned operational growth. Strategic initiatives our working capital cycle has allowed encourage a culture that promotes teamwork involvement and empowerment at all levels of the Corporate strategy priorities as discussed on page 48. controls on which it places key reliance and reporting on its performance and management reporting controls and controls framework is reviewed and tested annually with the results 56 McCarthy Stone plc Principal Risks and Uncertainties Economic conditions economy. A deterioration in the economic outlook scheme. negotiations continue. product spread of developments to ensure that it is not regional limits. potential impact of a downturn in the secondary housing market. Reputation and customer ongoing management and personal care services. Any could impact on reputation or customer satisfaction to in lower resale values which in turn can adversely impact internal surveys. developments on the private market with the aim of speeding up the sales process and maximising value on resale. Sales products at attractive prices. Any volume shortfall or pricing and pricing at a site and unit level and regularly review performance against expectation with regional introduced during the year for awarding discounts and incentives in excess of certain thresholds. management uncertainty or adverse market conditions during this period Government legislation consultations and seeks alternative solutions including assessment of lower and no ground rents and reviewed its land appraisal process accordingly. Build programmes and build costs sales or reduced margins. Independent assurance is provided through a dedicated commercial internal audit resource. Framework agreements suppliers to provide greater certainty of price and supply.