 Global population and migration trends Climatedriven change Socioeconomic environment Technology acceleration The worlds population was estimated to be 7.4 billion people in 2017 with the latest analysis from the United Nations suggesting it could grow to 8.3 billion by 2030 1 a growth rate of 83 million people annually. While the pace of growth has slowed in recent years the upward trend continues. As a result and supported by increased urbanisation demand for natural resources and energy which drives the Groups primary markets is expected to continue to rise. Concerns over climate change has led a number of countries to set longterm targets to ban the sale of cars powered only by fossil fuels. The UK and France have said any ban would take place after 2040 while China has not set a specific date. Moves to reduce emissions and increase the use of electric vehicles is likely to have a longterm impact on commodities such as oil while also increasing demand on other sources of energy from natural gas to wind and solar. The global policy environment is evolving with increased political uncertainty in some regions as the benefits of globalisation are questioned and trade pacts are renegotiated. Global economic growth continues to increase with emerging economies such as India and China experiencing the largest percentage increases. Meanwhile many and water efficiency. More details on our technology strategy can be found on page 18. Also see Our Strategy at a Glance on page 12. Also see Principal Risks and Uncertainties. You can read more in Operating Review on page 28. 04 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Global population and migration trends Climatedriven change Socioeconomic environment Technology acceleration The worlds population was estimated to be 7.4 billion people in 2017 with the latest analysis from the United Nations suggesting it could grow to 8.3 billion by 2030 1 a growth rate of 83 million people annually. While the pace of growth has slowed in recent years the upward trend continues. As a result and supported by increased urbanisation demand for natural resources and energy which drives the Groups primary markets is expected to continue to rise. Concerns over climate change has led a number of countries to set longterm targets to ban the sale of cars powered only by fossil fuels. The UK and France have said any ban would take place after 2040 while China has not set a specific date. Moves to reduce emissions and increase the use of electric vehicles is likely to have a longterm impact on commodities such as oil while also increasing demand on other sources of energy from natural gas to wind and solar. The global policy environment is evolving with increased political uncertainty in some regions as the benefits of globalisation are questioned and trade pacts are Pursue more longterm relationships with customers. Shift from product focus to solutions mindset. Improve customer insights into new product developments. Expand customer digital offering. Broaden skills base to reflect digitisation of industrial products. Embed new innovation framework throughout the organisation. Improve operational performance including on time delivery and inventory turns. Reinvigorate lean disciplines and simplify value chain excellence process. Embed customer and Weir sustainability goals in value chain improvements. What we achieved in 2017 20 improvement in total incident rate to 0.53 implemented a new Safety Charter and rolled out a Groupwide behavioural safety programme. Increased female representation at both Board and senior management levels with every business developing diversity and inclusion improvement plans to widen the Groups talent pool. Refreshed leadership training and undertook a global programme of increased employee engagement to embed We are Weir. Minerals grew orders ahead of sustaining capital spending and increased its order book by spending more time on customers sites and investing in additional sales project and product management experts in addition to opening eight new service centres. Oil Gas leveraged its key account system to further embed Weir among Tier1 oilfield service customers in North America and fully capture its share of the North American market upturn. Flow Control restructured its sales and marketing capability to better leverage its divisional product portfolio across a greater number of international markets and EPC customers delivering good aftermarket order growth. Completed a new technology roadmap to be implemented from 2018 with a focus on digital after any trip. This provides our significant travelling population with the reassurance that wherever they are going and whatever they may encounter there is a world class system supporting them. Diversity and Inclusion DI As a global company operating in over 70 countries we benefit from a wide diversity of talents and aim to ensure everyone is given the opportunity to flourish regardless of their gender race beliefs or background. Gender diversity Board Male 7 Female 4 Total incident rate TIR 3.58 1.61 1.03 0.81 0.75 0.67 0.53 TIR 0 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 1 2 3 4 Our commitment to becoming a more diverse and inclusive workplace made significant progress in 2017 A project team was reformed to work on Groupwide DI initiatives. DI plans were developed by every business unit and there has been good initial progress. Groups from our Senior Management Team have worked on DI initiatives throughout the year. Open innovation challenges have been held throughout 2017 which bring diverse teams together to develop innovative solutions to business challenges and opportunities. Weir Gabbioneta based in Italy took part in a diversity day event to promote the diversity and inclusion of disadvantaged people within the labour market. People dealing with impaired vision deafness motor disability and Down syndrome were keen to seize the opportunities that the world of work can offer them.