 UK leaving the European Union Since the UKs vote to leave the European Union the Group has continued to monitor business performance closely. Although it is still too early to assess the implications for our business and operations over the longer term we do not believe that there will be any material near term impact on demand for our products. However the weakness of Sterling against foreign currencies has persisted and has led to increasing cost pressures in the UK primarily from the direct import of components whose costs are tied to the US Dollar. Our exposure to US Dollar denominated purchases from Asia is substantially hedged for the balance of the 2018 financial year and we continue to mitigate the effect on costs by implementing price increases and product cost reductions. Following the completion of ten acquisitions since September 2012 Volution is now a more diversified and flexible business. With our proven track record of performing well in challenging trading environments and our strong balance sheet we are confident about delivering on our strategy over time. Volution Group plc Annual Report 2017 08 Strategic Report Chairmans Statement continued Peter Hill CBE Governance The Group continues to be committed to high levels of corporate governance in line with its status as a company with a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Details of our processes and approach including those relating to the role and effectiveness of the Board and compliance with the To complete the training programme the graduates must demonstrate competence and commitment against the five core elements Knowledge and Understanding Application to Practice Leadership and Personal Responsibility Interpersonal Skills and Professional Conduct. Staff wellbeing The health safety and wellbeing of everyone affected by our business activities has continued to be a high priority for Volution. The implementation of wellbeing activities across our businesses has had renewed focus this year. In the UK we have introduced wellbeing and health checks and improved onsite occupational health support helping to support healthy lifestyle choices. Our values We have the following values Grow Our sales and profit our people our capability our capacity and our ambition. Grow our value and invest for the future. Innovate Our products services and solutions. Customer service Strive for quality and excellence in everything we do. Professional and reliable With customers suppliers colleagues shareholders and all relationships. Integrity Environmentally socially and in our governance. Commitment 100 every day everywhere. Fun Enjoying what we do respecting those around us. GROWTH INNOVATION SERVICE RELIABILITY INTEGRITY COMMITMENT FUN PROFESSIONALISM Our Company values Volution Group plc Annual Report 2017 26 Strategic Report Brands in Action With the acquisitions completed during the year we have strengthened our position in both the UK and Nordic commercial sectors. Integration of these businesses provides both new brands and sales channels for the Group. Highlights Extension of Breathing Buildings product range to include mechanical ventilation Launch of the Vent Axia brand into the distribution market in Germany Multi from a small number of customers and from our relationships with heating and ventilation consultants. We may fail to maintain these relationships. Any deterioration in our relationship with a significant customer could have an adverse significant effect on our revenue from that customer. Our organic growth ambitions would be adversely affected. Our underlying risk of losing the revenue of any one customer continues unchanged however our recent acquisitions have further served to diversify our customer base. We have strong brands recognised and valued by our end users and this gives us continued traction through our distribution channels and with consultants and specifiers. We have a very wide range of ventilation and ancillary products that enhance our brand proposition and make us a convenient onestopshop supplier. We continue to develop new and existing products to support our product portfolio and brand reputation. We provide an excellent level of customer service. Legal and regulatory environment Changes in laws or regulation relating to the carbon efficiency of buildings the efficiency of electrical products or compliance may change. The shift towards higher value added and more energy efficient products may not develop as anticipated resulting in lower sales and profit growth. If our products are not compliant and we fail to develop new products in a timely manner we may lose revenue and market share to our competitors. Failure to manage certain compliance risks adequately could lead to death or serious injury of an employee or third party andor penalties for non compliance in amount of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers and from our relationships with heating and ventilation consultants. We may fail to maintain these relationships. Any deterioration in our relationship with a significant customer could have an adverse significant effect on our revenue from that customer. Our organic growth ambitions would be adversely affected. Our underlying risk of losing the revenue of any one customer continues unchanged however our recent acquisitions have further served to diversify our customer base. We have strong brands recognised and valued by our end users and this gives us continued traction through our distribution channels and with consultants and specifiers. We have a very wide range of ventilation and ancillary products that enhance our brand proposition and make us a convenient onestop shop supplier. We continue to develop new and existing products to support our product portfolio and brand reputation. We provide an excellent level of customer service. Legal and regulatory environment Changes in laws or regulation relating to the carbon efficiency of buildings the efficiency of electrical products or compliance may change. The shift towards higher valueadded and more energyefficient products may not develop as anticipated resulting in lower sales and profit growth. If our products are not compliant and we fail to develop new products in a timely manner we may lose revenue and market share to our competitors.