 UK power prices have seen recent peaks above 1500 per MW hour due to outage and generation imbalances there is therefore a need for a reliable source of power that can be accessed quickly and flexibly during periods when demand exceeds available supply. HOW WE OPERATE Our facilities use established reliable technology based on containerised generators fired with renewable green fuel or gas either mains or Liquidified Natural Gas LNG. Nine green fuel projects have been financed with a combination of debt and 35m of equity by Rockpool Investments LLP in individual companies established for this purpose. Plutus PowerGen has a 44.5 stake in each company and earns fees of 150000 per site per year from management contracts. Other facilities which will be gas powered will be held in dedicated subsidiary companies as part of a non dilutive investment model in which we will seek to obtain a majority interest. We maintain complete flexibility in financing options for both the equity portion and the asset finance and maintain dialogue with many providers of finance. During the year we received an offer from a Big Six multinational utility company to fund up to 20 of our flexible energy projects. Indeed we have also just announced Heads of Terms agreement with JCB Power Products Broadcrown Limited a part of the JCB Group to provide install maintain and finance generators for existing and future projects to report our maiden trading profits 1 indicating the viability of our business model and our confidence in our pipeline. 1. before writeoffs for sites that are not proceeding. Transformer at Plymouth 06 PLUTUS POWERGEN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 WE HAVE A ROBUST PIPELINE WITH 240MW IN THE ACTIVE PIPELINE BUILDING PLANNED AND EXPECTED PLANNING AND A TOTAL PIPELINE OF ALL TYPES OF GENERATION AND STORAGE OF AROUND 700MW STRATEGY In addition to our planned focus on installing gas engine capacity and the bond to finance this we are looking at the use of power storage i.e. batteries or capacitor technologies in conjunction with our gas sites which will open up FFR markets and other fast response tariffs to gas. Our strategy with respect to the green diesel sites is alongside Rockpool to either sell these after the end of the EIS qualification period or to make an offer for the 55.5 we do not already own. Our relationship with a leading Big Six multinational utility company to fund up to 20 of any 20MW renewable fuel or gas powered flexible energy projects going forward fits ideally with the Companys strategy to deliver projects in which it holds an 80 interest and this relationship is envisaged to provide sufficient equity to allow PPG to develop majority owned assets while maintaining its policy of limiting dilution to shareholders as far as possible. It also gives us additional flexibility in funding our various project types going forward including Gas SolarFlex and Battery Power Storage. DIVIDEND We do not propose to pay a dividend as we plan to reinvest all internally generated funds for the foreseeable future. OUTLOOK At the end of a busy and productive year I wish to thank the staff and Directors for their valued contributions as well as our partners and advisors who provide invaluable support in developing our operations. In February 2017 we appointed Cantor Fitzgerald Europe as Nominated Advisor and Broker to the Company with whom we also look forward to a long and fruitful relationship. We have a robust pipeline with 240MW in the active pipeline building planned and expected planning and a total pipeline of all types of generation and storage of around 700MW. In light of the foregoing we view the year ahead with confidence and look forward to securing planning permission on our pipeline of gas and battery sites and building out that portfolio over the coming years. Charles Tatnall Executive Chairman 13 September 2017 OVERVIEW GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PLUTUS POWERGEN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 07 Chief Executive s Review We continue to roll out our model which is designed to address fundamental market drivers and to be resilient in the face of current regulatory uncertainty. HIGHLIGHTS The last year saw the achievement of two related milestones for Plutus Powergen. Our first site Attune Energy in Plymouth came online in November 2016 and as a result of meeting the three Triad periods the site was profitable over see Triad benefits earned by small embedded generators such as PPG reduced to close to zero by the winter of 202021 effectively reducing over four years as to 100 66 33 and zero. There are likely however to be residual payments which could amount to up to 20 of the original Triad which will still make it a worthwhile income stream. This is not budgeted for in our remodelled projections post the minded to decision. Energy Suppliers Our Business Model continued 16 PLUTUS POWERGEN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Mechanism Overview Counterparty Power Purchase Agreements PPA This is simply sales of generated power when operating with an objective of Triad avoidance power is sold under a PPA typically to a large UK energy supplier. PPAs are typically of a 5 year duration. Energy Suppliers Capacity Market To ensure longterm security of supply the Capacity Market provides financial incentives to bring forward new investment while maximising existing generation capabilities. The structure of CM ensures technology neutrality meaning that the lowest cost technologies that will guarantee capacity will be awarded 1 3 and 15year contracts depending on the level of capex incurred. These capacity contracts are procured through a reverse auction run by National Grid. Generators who are successful in the auction will benefit from a regular predictable and indexlinked revenue stream for every hour they are available. The capacity obligation means providers must be available to deliver energy when needed or face penalties.