 Accordingly we established our six principles and three steps to longterm success being Stability Strategy and Growth which were rolled out across the business supported by an extensive programme of video communication in all languages and townhall presentations. In addition we needed an unambiguous organisational structure which resulted in the disbanding of the previous Strategic Business Unit and regional matrix in favour of three global divisions each with profit loss accountability and clear lines of reporting and responsibility. Following a period of significant footprint change too often to the detriment of our commercial relationships we undertook to stabilise our business and to regain revenue momentum behind a new set of customer retention initiatives. In the case of certain underperforming sites this also entailed the injection of turnaround resource both in terms of judicious financial investment and dedicated experienced personnel. This significant focus and remedial action was particularly evident in Health Personal Care Packaging as we sought to arrest the significant rate of revenue and profit decline during the second half of 2016 especially at those sites impacted by the acquisition integration we also moved rapidly to start to address systems challenges and simplify our infrastructure in IT and changed the reporting line of the Chief Information Officer CIO directly to me to reflect the critical importance of the the areas which may require measured additional investment in capability process and of how we intend to drive future growth. Ahead of our external presentation however I was pleased to have the opportunity to discuss the findings from the strategy review with ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.ESSENTRAPLC.COM 11 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW our leadership teams from across Essentra at our global Management Conference in June. Involving a much wider group than has previously been so directly involved of almost 100 people I greatly valued their contribution to our future and they have collectively done a fantastic job of communicating our strategy to their respective organisations to ensure that our employees fully understand the direction in which we are heading and the reasons why and to solicit their comments and questions. Overall the strategy review confirmed my initial assessment namely that the nine businesses comprising the Essentra Group have strong and defensible strategic positions with operating margins which can be sustained or in the case of Health Personal Care Packaging improved to industry norms over the medium term. As part of the review we also determined that with effect from 1 January 2018 and to provide greater focus across the portfolio we should be grouped into three global divisions of Components Packaging and Filters with the creation of a fourth Specialist Components division to separately manage our six smaller businesses. In addition we clearly defined the role of the overall Group in driving value. In order to support our stability and future growth agenda we identified the need for an incremental 30m of investment over three years in key areas of this c. 10m is ITrelated and approximately 20m is to drive an equipment upgrade programme in Packaging. Components Combining the expertise and credibility of a manufacturer with the service orientation of a distributor there are a number of factors which make the c. 8bn Bill of Materials small components market attractive to Essentra. Competitors of which there are hundreds are either distributors or niche manufacturers it is difficult for new entrants to establish themselves in a meaningful way due to the high cost to produce moulds to manufacture standard parts across a very broad range of Stock Keeping Units SKUs Asia remains a large growing and relatively underdeveloped region and good margins are generally available among other factors. Indeed no major changes in market dynamics or customer needs are foreseen in the immediate future. While there are opportunities for improvement including crossselling across product categories and the rate of new customer acquisition the strategy for Components is essentially one of evolution from a strong and relatively unique proposition. However over and above the scope to grow the division organically through expanding into fastergrowing geographies and adjacent product ranges there is also potential to achieve this through bolton transactions. Indeed the acquisition of Micro Plastics a leading provider of fasteners at the end of the year was a great example of the consolidation opportunities available to us not only does Micro tapes being offset respectively by softness in point of purchase and continued weakness in tobacco. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.ESSENTRAPLC.COM 33 STRATEGIC REPORT OPERATIONAL REVIEW HEALTH PERSONAL CARE PACKAGING While the focus in 2017 was on stabilising the division and restoring a platform from which to grow nonetheless we continued to develop our product pipeline to ensure that customers are wellpositioned to meet such industry trends as patient adherence and evolving legislative requirements regarding the tracking tracing and authenticating of products through the supply chain. Accordingly we further commercialised our serialised carton and label offering as well as our large format literature and range of fibretear voidrelease and frangible labels which allow consumers to easily identify if packaging has been interfered with. Following its establishment in 2016 we leveraged the capabilities of our Design Hub service in providing customers with valueadded solutions from offering a fast turnaround of digital samples and mockups to delivering standout packaging which helps them to differentiate their products onshelf. In particular through combining structural and creative packaging design with the technical expertise of our product development teams we were pleased to work with an international pharmaceutical customer in the successful redesign of their range of folding cartons. Customers also responded positively to our intention to focus on specialist secondary packaging for the health personal care sectors as stated in our strategic review.