 We are a leader in the UK mutual fund market and have a growing presence in our chosen European and Asian locations. INVESTMENT OUTPERFORMANCE IS AT THE HEART OF WHAT WE DO We aim to deliver value for money to our clients through active fund management that delivers longterm investment outperformance after all fees. Investment outperformance helps us to grow our assets under management AUM by ensuring we keep existing clients and attract new ones. In turn growing our AUM increases our revenues and profits allowing us to invest for continued growth as well as rewarding employees and adding value for shareholders through ordinary and special dividends and capital appreciation. OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE ARE KEY We believe that talented individuals who are free to pursue their own investment styles can make the most difference for clients. With no house view to constrain them our fund managers actively seek the best investment opportunities through fundamental analysis with a focus on good stewardship. Our fund managers are organised into strategy teams ensuring that they can share ideas and information while retaining accountability as individuals for their funds performance. As we grow this approach helps to give us a more diversified business by asset class geography and investment style. At 31 December 2017 we employed 74 investment professionals in London supported by 449 other employees. This included 34 people located in Europe and Asia providing in country support for our international business growth. A DIVERSIFIED AND RESILIENT BUSINESS MODEL In recent heart of everything we do. Our creative responses to delivering what they want has driven our success. The increase in our AUM in 2017 should translate into a good start for the business in 2018. However the previously announced changes to our unit trust pricing and our decision to bear all the costs of research will result in a profit headwind of around 18m from 2018. Our investment performance statistics are at a high in part due to the very strong performance of three years ago. Maintaining this level is a key challenge in 2018. We will also continue to invest in the business embedding and optimising our new platform and starting a programme to upgrade systems supporting the sales and distribution teams. The resilience of our current operating model and balance sheet strength mean that despite the continued disruptions and uncertainties that exist around us we are well placed to continue our growth trajectory and look for new areas of opportunity. MAARTEN SLENDEBROEK Chief Executive Officer 6 Strategic report As a high conviction active asset manager Jupiter operates within the wider longterm savings markets in both the UK and internationally. MARKET DRIVERS In the markets where we choose to operate a number of powerful long term trends are driving demand for investment products that deliver attractive returns have transparent fees and create value for clients. Populations are growing and ageing Populations around the world are increasing and people are living longer. According to the United Nations 13 of the market decline and sustained fund underperformance. 11 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS CHANNELS CLIENTS AND GEOGRAPHIES Primary focus our clients Our mutual fund clients are typically individual investors who require investment products to meet their savings and retirement needs and for whom the active returns we offer are key to achieving the income and growth which they are looking for. In many cases these individuals also need financial planning advice which is not part of Jupiters business model. Therefore we do not engage with these investors directly. Instead we access them through our distribution partners such as financial advisers and wealth managers. This intermediated approach which is a feature of all the markets we operate in is significantly more efficient for us than engaging directly with clients. It allows us to target our marketing and brand and develop strong relationships with our distribution partners while maintaining a straightforward client service model. Platforms are an important form of intermediation. These online services enable advisers and individuals to invest in selected funds from different providers and to access consolidated reporting and analytics tools. In the UK around 67 of our annual gross flows into mutual funds are through platforms up from 37 in 2010. We focus on building our relationships with the biggest platforms and making our funds available through them. Due to this change in distribution trends our direct retail book now makes up only 8 of our Income 3169 3049 2884 Income Trust 2283 2395 2506 European Growth 1655 1891 2080 Merlin Growth 1961 1944 1927 UK Special Sits 1525 1716 1873 Merlin Balanced 1655 1704 1732 Absolute Return 763 1212 1417 UK Growth 1446 1400 1337 India 634 1029 1127 Distribution 898 987 1036 Equities Fixed income Multi asset Alternatives Source Jupiter Portfolio AnalyticsMorningstar Direct as at 31 December 2017 Graph shows position within the sector on a percentile basis performance stated after all fees The bars in the graph show our current quartile ranking and the blue rules show our position as at 30 June 2017 SICAV products Funds reaching over 1bn in H2 2017 23 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS CHANNELS CLIENTS AND GEOGRAPHIES An important trend in 2017 was the continued blurring of the distinction between the retail wealth and wholesale channels. This results from our distribution partners changing the ways in which they characterise themselves and engage with clients. This creates opportunities for us to support them more creatively through our strong relationship based model with new products and client service solutions. PERFORMANCE Turning investment outperformance into fund flows drives our growth in AUM which in turn drives our financial performance. In 2017 we received net inflows of 5.5bn. This represented a significant increase compared with 2016 when political and economic uncertainty restrained our clients. The table below breaks down our net flows by product type.