 Amongst our targets for the future are to ensure our brick ranges continue to satisfy traditional RMI markets and that we develop new ranges to meet the more fashionable nonresidential and developer markets. Brexit I am regularly asked about the impact of the UKs withdrawal from the European Union Brexit upon our business. The Group exports a very small proportion of its products but where it does mainly to Ireland the devaluation of Sterling has made our products better value for our customers. Clearly the converse is true for imports with imported brick from northern Europe having become less profitable or competitive for the exporters which is also helpful to our business. However certain imported raw materials such as reinforcement steel have become more expensive although this input cost impact is relatively small in scale as we own our primary raw material clay. Skilled employee availability especially for skilled maintenance personnel is a concern. However our growing apprentice programme helps to mitigate any potential adverse impact. In March 2016 we also mentioned an investment at our Ravenhead wire cut brick factory to automate our dehacking and packaging operations and this was commissioned on time and cost during 2016. Since our IPO we announced an 8 million investment to roof tiles and industry demand is often in excess of capacity over the course of a year. Ibstocks investment in new additional roof tile capacity for its Forticrete subsidiary has proven to be timely. As previously reported Forticretes new SL8 and PAN8 tiles are highly innovative and offer improved aesthetics and reduced laying cost to the customer. They have been well received. 2017 was a commissioning year for the new roof tile plant and demand for these new products has often exceeded our growing capacity. Production efficiency levels improved as the year progressed and we reached expected longterm production targets by year end. On this basis we entered 2018 with the plant performing to expectation and providing product into a market showing strong demand growth. We will continue to seek to optimise output from our roofing business as 2018 progresses and further smaller investments to increase capacity particularly for roofing accessories are planned to support the growth of roof tile sales. Forticrete also manufacturers reconstructed stone products that are sold into new build residential markets. Previous investments in walling stone at our Anstone plant and in cast stone at our Thornley plant have ensured that we have sufficient capacity to meet current demand. To meet growing new housing demand our Supreme subsidiary worked hard to improve manufacturing efficiency in the production of concrete lintels and floor beams during the year and this supported good sales growth. RMI markets for fencing and general concrete products were reasonably stable and we enjoyed to developing an environment where every employee can thrive and give their very best each and every day. Our continual investment in their training and development contributes to a highly engaged workforce with the skills and experience necessary to deliver the Groups business objectives both now and into the future. In 2017 over 9000 days of training were provided to the Groups employees and we deliver a comprehensive development programme covering a range of topics from operational skills improvement through to modular and structured Leadership Programmes to support our succession plans. We pride ourselves on developing our people and around 20 of roles were filled by internal applicants ensuring our people are able to fulfil their career aspirations and we retain their indepth skills and knowledge of our customers and operations which is one of the key reasons for our continued success. Resources and relationships continued Apprentice of the year 2017 Its all about the people This years award went to Ben Lumsden 3rd Year Dual Skilling Engineering Apprentice at Throckley Factory. Ben has taken on two apprenticeships in a condensed timeframe and he has shown exceptional academic achievements so far which he should be very proud of. He clearly enjoys being on the apprenticeship scheme and has demonstrated this recently by becoming an employee representative for the apprentices at EEF and also an Apprentice Ambassador for Ibstock Brick. We are sure that Ben will embrace the opportunity given to him and progress his exceptional study work into practical development Groups control monitoring and provided direction to management in its assessment of Groupwide risk. Internal Audit Independent assurance Board Ultimate responsibility Group Management Team Support for the Board Reporting and escalation Oversight direction and governance Operation level controls embedded across the Group Day to day activities to identify and manage risk Audit Committee Review effectiveness Likelihood Impact Low Significant Major Critical Catastrophic Rare Unlikely Possible Likely Almost certain 1 3 2 7 10 8 4 5 11 9 6 7 1 2 3 10 5 9 6 8 11 4 Inherent risk Residual risk 1 Economic conditions 2 Government action and policy 3 Government regulation 4 Customer relationships and reputation 5 Business disruption 6 Recruitment and retention of key personnel 7 Input prices 8 Product quality 9 Financial risk management 10 Pension obligations 11 Cyber security Ibstock plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 33 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Other information Movement of risk Increase Decrease No change Principal risks The UK Referendum on EU membership in June 2016 introduced a degree of uncertainty and may give rise to longer term macroeconomic changes which as outlined in Risk 1 below could reduce demand for the Groups products. The potential impacts of Brexit could be more pervasive and impact several of the principal risks identified by the Group and so shortly after the UK Referendum result was announced a Brexit Committee was established.