 Page Title at start Content Section at start Chairmans Statement Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 5 Other Activities The pathogen detection programme with the US DoD contributed significantly to the current year revenues and included shipments of Genedrive units and assays for field use testing. Post year end we also received confirmation that following successful evaluations the programme will be entering its next phase worth 1.4m in development income and 0.5m in product sales to be recognised in the year to 30 June 2018. As previously announced we encountered a specific sample preparation problem relating to a supplier component in the MTBRIF test. An alternative solution had been successfully tested in Indian laboratories however we have had difficulty assessing the impact of this through our commercial partner. In the light of these challenges we are considering how best to address the Indian MTBRIF market and the broader potential of Genedrive in this area. As stated in the trading statement of 13 July 2017 no additional short term revenues were expected from MTBRIF in India. However the TB market is large and there is significant potential for Genedrive. Away from our core human healthcare focus we enjoyed success with funded field trials of Genedrive for whitespot disease detection in farmed shrimp. The results validated Genedrives potential as a rapid cost effective system for disease detection in animals. The Company however remains focused delivery against our strategic objectives. Dr Ian Gilham Chairman 17 October 2017 Page Title at start Content Section at start genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 6 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Overview Our transition to a commercial stage diagnostics business is well underway. genedrive plc now has a clear strategic direction and the efforts of the Company are focused towards advancing our offerings as a disease detection business built around the Genedrive platform. I am pleased with the progress made in the year but we are aware there are still challenges ahead of us for the Company to fully realise the considerable potential of Genedrive. David Budd Chief Executive Officer We continue to make strong progress with a disciplined approach to executing our strategy. Our Performance Revenue for the period was 5.8m up 13.7 from the 5.1m on the prior period. This yearoveryear growth in revenue was driven by the Diagnostics division that saw revenue growth of 36.8 to 2.6m 2016 1.9m. Our pathogen detection programme with the DoD was central to this growth with revenue of 2.2m up 0.5m from 2016. Services revenue was 3.2m 2016 3.1m up 3.2. We closed the year with 5.1m of cash 2016 1.1m. Targeted investment of our cash resources remains vital as we assess and prioritise the various commercial and development opportunities before us. The Genedrive Platform Strategic Progress During the year we announced the successful studies on our HCV ID kit conducted at the Institut Pasteur Paris and Queens University Nottingham. Following these successful it has helped to fund important developments such as Bluetooth connectivity and uninterruptible power supply that will benefit customer adoption. The DoD has not indicated the intended future sustained use of Genedrive and as such it is not possible for us to predict future commercial revenues. However post year end an additional funding award was made to support the continuation of the project and an award was made to support ongoing validation work. This additional funding is expected to generate approximately 1.4m in development and commercial income of 0.5m for the financial year to 30 June 2018. Services Operations As previously stated we have been seeking strategic alternatives for our Services business including considering divestment. We have yet to secure a disposal although discussions are ongoing but should a divestment on acceptable terms not be possible we remain flexible to the division being retained within the Company. We do believe that focusing our efforts on Genedrive should remain a core strategic priority. Revenues from our larger US based programmes were slightly down in the year 8.8 but the decline is owing to the lifecycle of the projects as opposed to underlying trends in the market. Conversely European business enjoyed a good period of growth 17.8 year over year. The growth was delivered from a growing number of programmes with smaller customers and was aided by improvements to our marketing contacts and relationship management. Outlook We are now entering a defining period for genedrive plc. The CE marked Genedrive HCV ID kit positions the Company as first to market with an affordable and cost effective HCV test. In the current financial year we will be working with our distribution partners to begin commercialisation efforts and secure requisite regulatory approvals. While we have challenges with MTB our experience in the market and successes with the DoD and CEFAS projects underline the potential of the Genedrive as a flexible portable and cost effective platform for decentralised molecular diagnostics. To more fully realise that potential particularly outside decentralised laboratories at point of care we intend to focus some development work on refining improving and simplifying product workflow. This will maximise the commercial potential in HCV and in other infectious diseases including MTB. The Board is encouraged by the growing momentum in the business and the outlook for genedrive plc. David Budd Chief Executive Officer 17 October 2017 Page Title at start Content Section at start genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 8 Prevalence of HCV in Top 20 countries millions China 29.8 India 18.2 Egypt 11.8 Pakistan 9.4 Indonesia 9.4 Russia 5.8 USA 5.4 D.R. Congo 4 Nigeria 3.3 Japan 3.1 Cameroon 2.8 Brazil 2.6 Uganda 2.2 Ukraine 1.9 Philippines 1.9 Italy 1.9 Uzbekistan 1.8 Turkey 1.5 Thailand 1.5 Ethiopia 1.5 Genedrive Application for Hepatitis C Genedrive is affordable and cost effective avoiding the high costs and commitments of central laboratory solutions. Portable and highly accurate results made available to smaller laboratories or clinics to support accelerated treatment decisions and initiation.