 Why have you chosen to focus on three of your previous strategic priorities for 2018 Given the progress and financial performance of the Group we are taking an opportunity to put even more effort and resources behind new product development business development and continuing our good work with operational excellence. We intend to develop more valueadded solutions developing more custom assemblies and products further up the value chain in response to customer demand. We will couple this with extra support for our customer facing teams including training and development for our business development function. In parallel we will continue our efforts on BE Lean which is well embedded within our organisation and improving the efficiency of our operations. QA 07 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TT Electronics plc www.ttelectronics.com Strategic report Financial statements Governance and Directors report Additional information Chief Executives strategic review continued Group revenue for 2017 was 360.0 million 2016 332.7 million an increase of 8 per cent and 5 per cent excluding the 9.3 million benefit from foreign exchange. Our strong sales performance and improved market demand have contributed to good growth this year. The focus on operational excellence has enabled us to increase capacity and maintain lead times resulting in market share gains in our current sensing circuit protection and signal conditioning product lines. The Groups order book has improved compared to regulations are seen as a key factor to innovative technologies becoming increasingly mainstream. In the UK and France policymakers have announced a policy to remove dieselpowered vehicles from the roads by 2040. We are seeing market growth from increasing electronic content in rail truck and passengercar vehicles. The global automotive electronics market is large and competitive and projected to be worth around USD300 billion in 2020. It is estimated that Chinese OEMs will produce some 3.5 million electric vehicles throughout the period 20152019 in total. Deployment of invehicle electronics is increasing to make cars safer cleaner and more comfortable through connectivity and builtin intelligence. Highly reliable sensors are needed to enable assisted and autonomous driving functionality. Read more about where we are focused on page 17. Medical Transportation 13 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TT Electronics plc www.ttelectronics.com Strategic report Financial statements Governance and Directors report Additional information Our markets From global multinational enterprises to specialist manufacturers industrial customers choose TT Electronics as their systems solutions partner for the most challenging applications. We help our customers to add value to their solutions using our industry expertise and focused Research and Development RD to improve productivity connectivity reliability and precision. What we do and where we are focused We develop electrically engineered sensor components and high reliability devices for general industrial oil and gas power energy and utility markets globally. Automation We provide sensors and higher level assemblies to the growing market for robotic and servo motor control applications. We collaborate the operating principles to which we adhere which cover a diverse range of issues including antibribery information assurance intellectual property protection fair competition the working environment including standards of behaviour expected from our employees hospitalityentertainment and avoiding conflicts of interest. Daytoday oversight of ethics and compliancerelated matters is undertaken by our Corporate and Social Responsibility Committee which is supported by a dedicated Environmental Health and Safety Committee under the leadership of our EVP Operations and Supply Chain. For any matters of particular concern an Ethics Committee is convened on an as needed basis constituted from members of the Executive Management Board. 42 TT Electronics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 www.ttelectronics.com Human rights TT is committed to upholding the human rights of our workers and to treating them with dignity and respect as understood by the international community. Our Human Rights Code is contained within the Responsible Business Alliance formally the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition Code of Conduct see below and covers all workers including permanent temporary migrant student contract direct and indirect. Our Code details expected labour standards and is supported by our Modern Slavery policy which can be found on our website www.ttelectronics.com. We do not tolerate practices which contravene international standards. Regulatory demands upon us vary considerably around the world however we have established a core structure to ensure that Group companies fully comply with legislative and regulatory requirements while permitting them to tailor their approach to particular local needs. Everyone in TT is responsible for having This may be caused by either your name or address appearing on each account in a slightly different way. For security reasons the Registrars will not amalgamate the accounts without your written consent. If you would like any multiple accounts combined into one account please write to Equiniti Limited at the address given below. Share dealing services Shareview Dealing is a telephone and internet service provided by Equiniti. It offers a simple and convenient way of buying and selling TT Electronics plc shares. Log on to www.shareview.co.ukdealing or call 0845 603 7037 between 8.00 am and 4.30 pm Monday to Friday except bank holidays for more information about this service and for details of the rates and charges. Please note that telephone lines remain open until 6.00 pm for enquiries. A weekly postal dealing service is also available and a form together with terms and conditions can be obtained by calling 0371 384 2248. Commission is 1.75 per cent with a minimum charge of 60. ShareGift ShareGift is a charity share donation scheme for shareholders administered by The Orr Mackintosh Foundation. It is especially for those who may wish to dispose of a small parcel of shares whose value makes it uneconomical to sell on a commission basis. Further information can be obtained at www.sharegift.org or from Equiniti. Shareholder enquiries Equiniti maintain the register of members of the Company.