 This growth in turn has built an ever wider international presence so that the Group is not dependent on any one geographical market. With a stable management team in place and a continued commitment to a decentralised management structure which keeps decisionmaking close to our customers and markets this track record of change and innovation is set to continue. All four of our divisions are well placed for the future. Marine Support is benefiting from the opening of new markets for STS such as in Brazil from the development of its subsea project businesses and from its expanding presence in offshore renewables. Specialist Technical has marketleading positions in both its hyperbaric and submarine rescue niches and in its reactor decommissioning business in the nuclear sector. While this division will always be project driven and therefore lumpier in terms of turnover and working capital it has an attractive pipeline of mediumterm prospects. Tankships continues to perform well in a relatively stable market this position will be underpinned by the introduction of more modern tonnage on some routes. Offshore Oil is now positioned for recovery our businesses and management teams have done well both in terms of reducing their Charles Rice Chairman James Fisher had another good year in 2017 producing an underlying profit before tax of 50.3m an increase of 10 over the prior year. 3 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC capital employed in excess of 15. Bolton acquisitions broaden the range of products and services that we provide. Our acquisition strategy has focused on niche businesses with a strong entrepreneurial culture which fit well with our operating style and growth strategy. As a cashgenerative Group with a strong balance sheet businesses are usually acquired using existing cash or borrowing resources. The businesses acquired have a good track record and typically need additional resources for their next growth phase. Where an acquisition bolts on to existing businesses we seek to optimise shared back office functions purchasing opportunities and crossselling within the Group. Strategy The Groups strategy is to grow its business organically by leveraging its existing marine skill base in areas of specialist expertise to a global market. This is supported by selective acquisitions to broaden the product and service range or geographical coverage. 10 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Sector review Marine Support Market drivers Fendercare is the leading provider of pneumatic floating fenders and other mooring equipment to the global marine industry. It services commercial shipbuilding ship refurbishment defence port developments and the oil and gas markets for project applications. Fendercare is also the leading provider of shiptoship services for the transfer of crude or refined oil liquefied natural gas or bulk cargoes. The demand for these services is driven by the volume of oil trading between oil majors and independent traders and also by production where local port infrastructure is unable to accommodate and joint ventures are referred to the Board for approval and limits of authority are designed to ensure that contracts are reviewed and approved at appropriate levels prior to commitment. In addition the project delivery and performance function referred to above provides assurance on delivery. Marginally higher. Recruitment and retention of key staff James Fisher has strong and experienced management teams in its operational businesses and depends on the skills experience and competence of all of its people to drive the business forward in established and new markets. The Groups success in delivering its strategic objectives depends on recruiting and retaining the right people in all areas of our business and planning succession in key leadership positions. The failure to attract retain and develop personnel of the requisite calibre could have an adverse impact on the business. Our strategy to attract and retain talent includes graduate recruitment identifying and developing future leaders regular appraisals formal and informal training plans succession planning and appropriate remuneration incentives including the extension of share schemes to key individuals. We aim to develop talent from within. Succession and talent development is regularly discussed at Board and trading company level. There are several management development programmes in place for individuals who have been identified as potential senior managers. These programmes are defined to help develop and grow the capabilities and behaviours required of senior managers so that we have potential successors for key business roles. These strategies are designed to retain and motivate individuals and to fraud interruption to business and damage to our reputation. The Groups IT systems are defended through the use of software protection and processes which are regularly reviewed and tested. These defences include gateways firewalls and threat detectors. IT security information and updates are reviewed on a regular basis. Group IT systems were subjected to penetration tests and vulnerability scans during 2017 which were satisfactory. Accounting and banking controls are regularly appraised to ensure they are appropriate up to date and comply with recommended practice. There have been no major security breaches or fraud in 2017 and the risk is unchanged. 22 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Corporate responsibility Introduction The Board remains committed to high standards of corporate governance and to ensuring consistent application across the Group of its values of honesty integrity and fairness which in the Companys view are the key elements for building a sustainable and profitable business. Corporate responsibility remains central to the delivery of our business strategy. This report will explain how we applied the principles of good governance throughout the year in key areas and outlines the processes and controls we use to manage the Groups approach to health and safety environmental matters our employees business ethics and social responsibilities. Our Board of Directors sets the strategic and financial objectives for the Group and in doing so requires and seeks to ensure that the Group maintains high ethical standards of behaviour throughout its businesses.