 The World Economic Forum Global Risks Landscape for 2018 ranks cyberattacks as the third most likely risk in its top 10 risk analysis behind extreme weather events and natural disasters. The head of the National Cyber Security Centre NCSC Ciaran Martin recently commented that while the UK is fortunate to have avoided a socalled category one cyberattack so far it is only a matter of time before a catastrophic cyberattack is launched on its critical infrastructure or election setup. A recent report from Neustar revealed that many businesses viewed unsecured Internet of Things IoT devices as a major concern. This is hardly surprising given the recent developments in IoT botnets and the huge potential for unsecured IoT devices to be turned into a botnet army and used by hackers to launch DDoS attacks. IoT devices still suffer from basic security vulnerabilities and it is precisely this lack of security that makes them so attractive to hackers. But its not just a password problem anymore. Attackers understand that manufacturers and users are waking up to the problem of passwords on IoT devices and so are seeking more complex ways to access them. As this trend continues and hackers become increasingly inventive when searching for new devices and ways to enlist them there is really no limit to the size and scale of future DDoS attacks driven by IoT botnets. Any device that has an Internet connection and a processor can be exploited. In an ideal world all devices should be forced to go through some sort of network configuration before being used rather than being exploitable from a default position. Businesses and government departments can protect their networks from DDoS attacks fuelled by IoTdriven botnets by deploying a realtime automated solution at the network edge which can instantaneously detect and mitigate DDoS activity thereby eliminating threats from entering a network. As with all DDoS threats clear visibility is a crucial step in detecting and defending against attacks. The Corero SmartWall solution is this realtime automated solution providing rich actionable analytics. As organisations develop their businesses to harness the benefits and power of technology we are seeing companies reassess their security architecture including DDoS protection as traditional approaches will not be sufficient to protect enterprises. Government regulations Corero welcomes the investment and attention that governments are committing to the cybersecurity of Critical National Infrastructure CNI particularly recent guidance from the US Government which sets out detailed recommendations on how to boost resilience and ensure suitable protections and mitigation systems are deployed. Corero recently submitted a response to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategys inquiry Cyber Security UK National Security in a Digital World and recommended the following actions are taken Chief Executives strategic update Corero is well positioned to deliver on its goal of being the leading player in the realtime recruitment and enablement efforts with partners is expected to contribute to revenue in 2018 and investment in channel sales development to grow Coreros routes to market in 2018. This gives us confidence Corero will deliver revenue growth in 2018. Ashley Stephenson Chief Executive Officer 4 April 2018 Corero enters 2018 with confidence following a year of strong growth in SmartWall revenue with proof points of multiple 1.0 million plus customers a growing catalogue of industry awards and several disruptive contract wins against competitors. In addition Corero also expanded its ecosystem of world class partners and introduced an enhanced product portfolio. We are excited about the prospects for the future of the business. Ashley Stephenson C hi e f E x e c u t i v e O ffi c e r Chief Executives strategic update continued Corero Network Security plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 08 KEY INSIGHT IoT Botnets should be a grave concern Despite its advantages the Internet of Things comes with a host of security challenges. IoT devices are usually poorly managed patched and secured. They are thus prime targets for hacker infiltration and takeover aside from the personal privacy and security concerns that result from these security gaps. The big danger is that these connected devices can be harnessed by hackers for a variety of nefarious purposes in many cases hackers use them to form a botnet to carry out DDoS attacks. Strategic Report Financial Statements Governance Corporate Directory 09 A wide range of critical cybersecurity not explicitly track NPS as each customer relationship is important to us. As such we frequently take a DelightoMeter reading scaled from 0 to 10. Our readings are consistently high. This delight is reflected in our worldclass renewal rates. Delighted customers are also an important contributor to finding new customers for Coreros products and services. Our Customer Journey typically begins with Strangers being enticed to follow our published content e.g. research press releases blogs such that they become Followers. Our marketing automation investments allow us to identify these Followers and to qualify them as Prospects. In turn the efforts of our direct and channel sales teams are focussed upon persuading these Prospects to become Customers. Whilst a new customer order is always a cause for celebration this event is the starting point for what we hope will become a lasting relationship. Our goal is to deliver a delighted customer who is happy to be an Advocate for us in the market. Our Advocates who inform other Strangers close the virtuous circle of our Customer Journey. Many of Coreros sales wins in 2017 came via such referrals. MARKETING LED SALES LED CUSTOMER SERVICES LED Strangers Advocates Customers Followers Prospects Corero Network Security plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 14 RDoS Ransom Denial of Service RDoS made a significant comeback in Q3 2017. A widespread wave of RDoS threats from the Phantom Squad hacker group kicked off in September.