 Net Promoter Score NPS performance improved at every site with a Group average of 77. Floated on the premium listing of the London Stock Exchange on 18 May 2016. THE UKS LARGEST INDEPENDENT VEHICLE RETAILER Motorpoint sells nearlynew vehicles most of which are up to two years old and have covered less than 15000 miles. We sell vehicles from all of the biggest brands with our best sellers including models from Ford Vauxhall Volkswagen Nissan Hyundai Audi BMW and MercedesBenz. We operate from 12 retail sites across Great Britain 11 at 31 March 2017 supported by a central contact centre which deals with digital and telephone enquiries. Our Auction4Cars.com a business to business digital auction platform allows an efficient and quick route for sale of partexchange vehicles which do not fall into our nearlynew retail criteria. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 12.7 Revenue increased by 12.7 to 822.0m FY16 729.2m 15.7m Profit before taxation and exceptional items FY16 18.2m 12.7p Adjusted basic earnings per share FY16 14.7p 13.6m Cash flow from operations before exceptional items FY16 19.5m 11.7m Profit before tax PBT FY16 16.9m 4.23p 1.33p interim dividend paid 2.90p final dividend proposed Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 1 STRENGTH THROUGH INDEPENDENCE THE RIGHT BUSINESS MODEL TO CREATE VALUE We are proud to be independent. We can open sites where we see opportunity buy the stock that our customers are demanding and take pride in developing our people to deliver of these external factors was also exacerbated by our accelerated site opening programme which although it bodes well for long term value creation did stretch management resources an issue which we have addressed. The second half of the financial year was much more promising and there were some notable achievements during the year including the opening of our 10th and 11th sites and securing a site for our 12th business which opened in Sheffield in late April 2017. Our management team has been strengthened and broadened. Our Market We have seen the market continue to grow this year a demand that we are ideally positioned to deliver. The franchised dealer groups have stated their ambition to grow their used car revenue as the outlook for the new car market loses momentum. But our business model is built on a unique customer proposition based on Choice Value and Service a commitment to getting a highly engaged team and the flexibility that independence from the manufacturers gives. We will continue to prove our ability to win the admiration and loyalty of our customers and take market share. Dividend I am pleased to announce that the Directors have recommended a final dividend of 2.90 pence per share which would give a total for the year of 4.23 pence per share. This represents dividend cover of 3 times of adjusted EPS. 8 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report EMPLOYEES CUSTOMERS SHAREHOLDERS Your Board I am delighted to be working with CONTROLS Competition The UK vehicle market is highly competitive and customers have a broad choice of retailers some of which offer comparable products. Over the last year the market has seen a period of consolidation and innovation through which our competitors have progressed their propositions. Concurrently customer expectations and buying patterns are evolving with the traditional research and purchase channels becoming ever more influenced by digital media peer recommendations and convenience. Failing to stay ahead of the market or failing to adapt to changing customer behaviours faster than the competition could undermine our ability to meet our objectives. We compete via our business models consistent focus on choice value and service each of these cornerstones is built into the business operation and reporting. For example customer satisfaction ratings are used in the calculation of all bonuses or commissions across the business. We identify potential gaps in our proposition using both internal and external sources for example by commissioning market research studies or mystery shopping best in class retailers. Brand and reputation As a function of being independent of manufacturer support Motorpoint attracts new and repeat customers substantially through building a compelling perception of the Companys brand and reputation. Failure to maintain these would rapidly result in a loss of customer confidence and impact levels of business. Unfavourable publicity concerning the Company or the industry in which it operates could also have an adverse impact. We have continued to expand awareness and relevance of our brand to both new and existing incentives in tandem with the share ownership guidelines serve to directly align the interests of our Directors with those of our shareholders. 36 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Governance Summary of Remuneration Policy Element Description Opportunity Fixed Salary full time equivalent FTE Set at a level to reflect the experience skills and responsibilities of the individual as well as the scope and scale of their role. Effective 1 July 2017 CEO 250000 CFO 180000 Executive Director 210000 Benefits Family private medical insurance company car fuel allowance and participation in the Companys all employee SAYE Scheme. Market competitive. Pension Contributions paid to nominated personal pension funds for each Director. 10 of salary. Variable Annual bonus Performance is measured with reference to an appropriate mix of financial and nonfinancial measures determined annually by the Committee and in alignment with the Companys strategic objectives at that time. Currently bonuses are based on profit before tax customer satisfaction and employee metrics. 100 of salary. Performance Share Plan Annual awards of performance shares vesting subject to challenging Earnings Per Share EPS growth targets measured over a period of three financial years. Awards are additionally subject to a two year post vesting holding period during which time vested shares may not be sold other than for tax. In addition any vested awards must be retained net of any taxes due until the shareholding guidelines have been met. 100 of salary.