 Helpful means listening and responding. Being straightforward means keeping things simple and clear and inspiring means constantly working to create new communications possibilities. And we have to do everything with real heart showing passion and conviction. Those values of course can only be lived through people and of course our strategy can only be delivered by the teams of motivated people throughout the business. It simply couldnt happen without them. They breathe life into it. They make it work. And Id like to thank them for their loyalty and their hard work. Ben Verwaayen Chief Executive 21 May 2003 Business review 8 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2003 The review is divided into the following sections 8 Introduction 8 Group strategy 9 Customer satisfaction 9 Broadband 9 Reporting on BT Openworld 9 Restructuring Demerger of mmO 2 Acquisitions and disposals Property Concert 10 Debt reduction programme 10 Dividend 10 Pension fund 10 Lines of business 11 BT Retail Core business Newwave business Internet access Enhanced customer access 13 BT Wholesale Core business Changing market conditions Strategic intent External new business revenues Broadband 21st century network Efciency 15 BT Global Services Meeting customers needs Solutions and valueadded services Customer wins Business realignment Global reach 16 Other businesses 16 Research and development and IT support 17 Our people 18 Regulation competition and prices Regulation in the UK Competition Pricing regulation NonUK regulation Other signicant changes and issues 23 Relationship with the UK Government 23 Legal proceedings Please see cautionary trigger levels for a further 759 exchanges already planned for the next nancial year. At 31 March 2003 more than 320000 people had registered an interest 44 exchanges had been broadband enabled as a result of the scheme with a further 247 having reached their trigger levels. We continued to explore commercially viable ways to roll out broadband services to smaller communities. For example we began trials of a new commercial model for broadband exchange activation using lowercost exchange technology and a sponsoring organisation with a social development or commercial interest in bringing broadband to the area providing upfront funding. The Exchange Activate trial was run in eight sites across the UK. In April 2003 BT Wholesale announced that it would be proceeding with the full implementation of Exchange Activate from July 2003. We began a trial of new broadband symmetric services for business customers based on SHDSL symmetric highspeed digital subscriber line. Products developed using SHDSL are capable of supporting a range of services for service providers and businesses including email webhosting video conferencing VPN virtual private networks and WAN wide area network. The trial is planned to run until midsummer 2003 and in 100 exchanges within London Manchester BirminghamYorkshire Merseyside and parts of Scotland. 21st century network At the heart of BT Wholesales strategic intent to be the UKs number one in broadband and data is our commitment to create a worldleading commercially focused marketdriven UK network which fulls customer requirements today and anticipates their future needs. Our encourage managers and their teams to put in place action plans to address the issues that it highlights. The most recent phase of the survey was conducted at the end of 2002 and showed extremely high levels of support for and commitment to the companys strategy. Worklife balance We want our people to give of their best for customers and BT and we provide the scope within operational requirements for them to optimise their worklife balance. At 31 March 2003 we had more than 6000 people working part time almost 600 job sharers and around 6600 people working from home. Business review 18 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2003 Other options include alternative attendance patterns maternity paternity adoptive and parental leave career breaks and an increasingly exible approach to assist individuals to prepare for their retirement age. Industrial relations An estimated 75 of our UK employees belong to one of two main trade unions recognised by the company. We have a good record of industrial relations and constructive occasionally robust relationships based on partnership and mutual respect with both unions in the UK and works councils elsewhere across Europe. Equal opportunities We are an equal opportunities employer and are committed to developing a working culture that enables all employees to make their own distinctive contribution. We are an active member of many equal opportunity and diversity organisations and during the year were awarded the platinum standard by Opportunity Now for our work on gender equality and the gold standard Need and GMTVs Get Up and Give. Through our support we enable the appeals to raise tens of millions of pounds each year. We are working with ChildLine on a major new campaign to help ensure that all young people can be heard. At the heart of this campaign is our commitment to raise funds to help ChildLine answer every one of the 4000 children who call them every day. During the second year of the BT Community Connections scheme ending in July 2003 BT will award 1700 internetready PCs to individuals and community groups. In addition BT people gave 2 million directly to charities during the 2003 nancial year through Give as you Earn to which BT added a direct contribution of 1 million. Business opportunities Following a detailed statistical analysis of customer opinion data going back up to 80 months and based on tens of thousands of interviews we have been able to show that a 1 improvement in the publics perception of our CSR activities results in a 0.1 increase in our retail customer satisfaction gures. This is a critical correlation and shows how important it is not only to protect our reputation through appropriate risk management activities but also to enhance it through our community activities. Longterm sustainability trends are creating market opportunities for us such as the use of teleconferencing and exible working to reduce the need to travel and provide more exible lifestyles.