 As such we have created a team with a wealth of experience in institutional FX and tailored our technology and service solutions to meet investment managers specic and increasingly complex needs. Throughout the course of this year we have also continued to invest in the ongoing development of our technology platform which has proved to be an important element of our advisory service oering and this will continue to be a focus moving forward. Our online currency management platform has been developed inhouse and we believe aords us a strong Chief Executives Statement Everyone at Alpha passionately believes our IPO marked the start of our journey not the end. We took Alpha public to avoid the destination mentality and now have the opportunity to continue developing a very special business. 248225 Alpha FXpp12pp26.qxp 03042018 1507 Page 14 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT 15 competitive advantage. It provides our clients with a tailored and comprehensive overview of their currency exposures and is subsequently allowing them to manage and report on these exposures more eectively whilst reducing the time and costs involved in doing so. We believe that our bespoke platform oers customers a greater insight into their hedging activities than our competitors and has become a key dierentiator in a short space of time helping us with both customer acquisition and retention as well as margin protection. In light of this we made the important decision to migrate to a new Cloud Application Platform in February 2018 which oers richer functionality greater customisation and increased scalability. Technology is an important cornerstone of the business and we have a strong technology development roadmap in place and further functionality will be introduced during 2018 to enhance the platform. A reection of the importance we place on our technology is the fact that our team of developers has grown from 2 at the start of the year to 9. In December we relocated our head oce to London to bring all our team under one roof in order to support the unique culture which ultimately underpins our success. We have already seen the benets of a single larger oce with wider skill sharing stronger relationships being forged and a positive atmosphere of camaraderie and collaboration. People When we listed Alpha in April we underestimated how inuential it was going to be in helping us acquire exceptional talent. Our plc status has served as a testament to Alphas success and future ambitions enabling us to attract high calibre individuals in a relatively short space of time and with a noticeable shift in the volume and quality of inbound applications. As planned total headcount increased from 30 to 51 during the course of the year. Of these new recruits 11 joined the Front Oce team to continue the rate of client acquisition in the UK corporate market as well as penetrating overseas territories from our oce in London. As always we creating a company of owners and remains a key part of the entrepreneurial mentality that drives our growth. Signicantly in September 2017 the vesting schedule of the scheme was extended from three to ve years in a unanimous demonstration of our employees commitment to the longterm growth of the business. Team training activities are held throughout the year both in the UK and abroad. As well as developing new skills and knowledge these provide key opportunities for our employees to get to know other members of the wider team enhancing Alphas collegiate culture. Developnurture our culture Alphas culture has underpinned the Groups success to date and is the lifeblood of our business. As the Group continues to grow we remain relentlessly focused on nurturing it and helping it to evolve in the right way through a focus on collaboration idea sharing and accountability. STRATEGIC REPORT OUR STRATEGY 18 By order of the Board Henry Lisney Chief Operating Ocer 20 March 2018 Alongside investing in technology and service delivery to support Front Oce sta we have also made considerable investment in developing our existing infrastructure in order to drive eciency and increase automation. In January 2018 the Group became a member of SWIFT Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and we continue to test and investigate new payment networks which have the potential to improve eciencies and the breadth of our service oering. In recognition of the value of our currency management platform we made the decision to migrate to a Underlying operating prot 6754 4358 Depreciation amortisation 101 57 Loss on sale of xed assets 26 Increase in debtors 3702 2145 Increase in creditors 226 427 Less capital expenditure 233 90 Cash from operations before tax and after capex 3172 2607 Conversion 47 60 Excluding collateral received from clients early settlements and the unrealised mark to market prot or loss from client swaps Relocation of Head Oce In December 2017 we consolidated our teams into one oce with the sta from Reading moving to London. The nancial statements at 31 December 2017 include an onerous lease provision of 190000 representing the anticipated dierence in rent receivable and rent payable in Reading for the remainder of the lease. Dividend The Board intends to target a dividend of approximately 30 of the Groups underlying prots after tax in each nancial year. In line with this dividend policy which was set out in its Admission document and following the payment of the interim dividend of 1.5 pence per share in October 2017 the Board is pleased to declare a maiden nal dividend of 3.4 pence per share. Subject to shareholder approval the Dividend will be payable to Shareholders on the register as at 13 April 2018 and will be paid on 16 May 2018. Tim Kidd Chief Financial Ocer 248225 Alpha FXpp12pp26.