 Our financial performance has been lower than last year driven by lower client activity resulting from an unusual lack of market volatility for large parts of the year. However active client numbers and client assets have continued to increase. I am therefore confident that we have the right foundations in place for the business moving forwards. The big industry event of the year which was outside our control was the decision of a number of European regulators to announce changes or commence consultations around client appropriateness minimum retail margins risk warning amendments client incentive schemes and marketing of leveraged products. Our primary focus has been on the consultations within our core markets in particular the UK and Germany where the consultation period took place from December 2016 through to March 2017 and we have made thorough and detailed responses. These consultations were initiated as a result of lowquality providers applying low levels of regulatory compliance questionable sales practices and irresponsible behaviour primarily from overseas jurisdictions. CMC Markets has always had a strong focus on compliance and service and I am confident that by working with regulators in the long term the Group and the industry will emerge in a stronger position. The recent German regulatory consultation has resulted in the right decision for the business as there is no doubt that being listed provides us with additional opportunities. Some of the institutions and clients we are speaking to would only work with us if we were a public company. It has been a transitional year and I am looking forward to our future. Over the coming year the regulatory uncertainty will reduce and we can continue to move forward. These are exciting times for the Group as we progress our diversification across different continents products and technology. For now the sector is shrouded in uncertainty around regulatory change but for CMC Markets development and innovation continue as they have done for 27 years and I firmly believe that the Group will be a long term beneficiary of the expected improvements in the industry in the future. Peter Cruddas ief Executive fficer 7 June 2017 1 Electronic connectivity to the CMC Markets trading platform CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 CEO report CEO report 12 13 Strategic report Business review Our business CMC Markets is a leading global provider of online and mobile trading servicing both retail and institutional clients. The company enables clients to trade over 10000 financial instruments including indices commodities FX and equities through its multi awardwinning Next Generation trading platform supported by sophisticated charting competitive pricing and automated execution. Clients can trade the markets via contracts for difference CFDs financial spread bets UK and Ireland only and binaries. The Group also offers a stockbroking service in net operating income decreased by 0.7 million 6 to 9.9 million. Partner and institutional commissions have grown against the prior year as the Next Generation institutional offering continued to expand. 40 41 CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Strategic report 1 New stockbroking accounts net of oneoff migrations 2 Canstar 2017 Broker of the Year 3 Includes regulatory transaction fees 1 Investment Trends October 2016 UK Leveraged Trading Report 2 Investment Trends June 2016 Germany CFD FX Report 3 Investment Trends 2016 Australia CFD Report Investment Trends 2016 Singapore Report Stockbroking The Australian stockbroking business has again significantly improved on the prior years performance with revenue up 49 at 7.8 million 2016 5.2 million aided by a lower central bank rate continued supportive market conditions and the benefit of a strengthening Australian dollar. Positive performance was also evidenced through both strong client acquisition 20 increase in new clients 1 yearonyear and improved crosssell delivered from fundamental improvements in onboarding and digital marketing. In particular the latest release of our award winning 2 HTML 5 Pro Platform helped contribute to a 43 improvement in volumes. In addition to the numerous intermediary and broader wholesale deals executed in the year the business signed a major stockbroking partnership with ANZ Bank to service the entire ANZ Share Investing ANZSI client base. CMC will provide these clients with leading technology customer service and execution via an ANZbranded stockbroking platform with revenue being shared between CMC and ANZ Bank from September 2018 onwards centres designed for high availability and data integrity. Continuous service available to clients in the event of individual equipment failures or major disaster recovery events. Legal commercial litigation risks The risk that disputes deteriorate into litigation. Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements including relevant codes of practice. Early engagement with legal advisers and other risk managers. Appropriately managed complaints which have a legal litigious aspect. An early assessment of the impact and implementation of changes in the law. Operations processing risks The risk that the design or execution of business processes is inadequate or fails to deliver an expected level of service and protection to client or company assets. Investment in system development and upgrades to improve process automation. Enhanced staff training and oversight in key business processing areas. Monitoring and robust analysis of errors and losses and underlying causes. Outsourcing and procure ment risks This is the risk of third party organisations inadequately or failing to provide or perform the outsourced activities or contractual obligations to the standards required by the Group. Outsourcing only employed where there is a tactical gain in resource or experience. Due diligence performed on service supplier ahead of outsourcing being agreed. Service level agreements in place and regular monitoring of performance undertaken. 54 55 CMC Markets plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Strategic report Manjit Wolstenholme will be stepping down at the Groups Annual General Meeting on 27 July 2017 2017 AGM and a thorough search has begun for a successor.