 Together these support the Groups objectives of acquiring customers effectively and increasing their lifetime value through higher engagement and monetisation. Targeted and returns driven marketing strategies are of utmost importance to us and we continually look at innovative ways to engage both new and existing customers. We look to optimise our marketing spend across a number of online and offline channels including natural search SEO digital and social media affiliate marketing email SMS direct mails and crosssell within our portfolio. Continuously enhancing our mobile offering is key to providing our customer base with the most convenient easy and accessible online gaming experience. Mobile and touch revenue another KPI of the Group increased to represent 66 of gross Real Money Gaming revenue 2016 proforma 56. Regulation responsibility and compliance remain a major focus in the Groups core UK market. As a result of our agility and technology we are confident that Stride is in a robust position and see a number of pending and potential changes to regulation as an opportunity to further increase market share. 2. Diversify the product offering The second key pillar of the Groups strategy is to grow the business by developing and diversifying Stride Gamings product offering into new related product verticals such as lotterystyle games Rummy and scratch cards. During the year we have developed and launched 17 new proprietary of players LTV. Given the changing market dynamics the Company made the decision to reduce marketing spend in this vertical and to implement significant changes in order to mitigate the expected reduction in revenues. Throughout the year we implemented a number of changes to the pricing models and added further personalisation to our content. At year end we are encouraged by the results of the improvement plan so far and the Board will continue to closely monitor developments in this sector of the business. We are confident of delivering further success in the year ahead and continued progress against our growth strategy. Stride Gaming plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 12 Chief Executives report continued Strides technology edge continued 3. Enter attractive new markets The third key pillar of the Groups growth strategy is to expand into attractive new markets outside of the UK leveraging the strength of our proprietary platform and back office expertise. The Group owns an Italian remote gaming licence and is in the process of obtaining Spanish and Danish gaming licences. In line with our strategy we are also delighted to announce today that we have made a strategic controlling investment of 3.75 million in Passion Gaming a Rummyfocused online skill gaming company based in India which gives us entry into the countrys rapidly growing skills gaming market. Our investment will be used to fund working capital with the Group also sharing its marketing expertise and technological knowhow to accelerate growth. Investment in our firstclass team The Groups progress during the year would not have been possible without the commitment of our skilled and dynamic team. I would like to thank each and every one of my colleagues for their hard work during the year. We continue to invest in our team and working environment to ensure that we remain a highly attractive place for industryleading talent. We have invested in internal and external training competitive employee benefits and new ways to communicate internally and increase efficiencies. To support Strides longterm growth plans the Groups headcount increased by 16 to 370 during the period. Outlook We are very pleased with the performance of the Group in 2017 having demonstrated key progress and development across our strategic pillars. Once again we have demonstrated our ability to grow both organically and through acquisitions. Real Money Gaming revenue is currently showing doubledigit yearonyear growth in the first two months of the current financial year in line with market expectations. This is being driven by strong deposit growth with a stable yield per player. We enter 2018 in a strengthened position to continue on our upward trajectory. Eitan Boyd Chief Executive Officer 21 November 2017 Annual report and financial statements 2017 Stride Gaming plc 13 Principal risks and uncertainties Risk Likelihood Issue Impact Mitigation Regulations Gaming regulations Low The Group operates in legalised markets. Online gambling is prohibited or restricted in some countries and legalised in others. The Group is currently licensed in the UK and Alderney Baldo is licensed in Italy and QSB Gaming in Spain. As a Group we should only be accepting players from regulated and legalised markets and this is one of our main principles. If we accept players from nonregulated jurisdictions we run a risk of breaching legislation in that particular market. High The Group procures legal and professional advice with regard to its activities in its principal countries of operation including any changes in legislation and monitors updates on any potential future jurisdiction where it may start accepting customers. The latter is important as the Groups growth rate strategy and future revenue streams are to a certain extent affected by the regulation of new markets and the subsequent growth of end user interest and acceptance in such newly regulated markets. Our Group is exposed to a number of risks that can have a financial operational and reputational impact. A proactive approach to the management of risk is therefore critical to the Groups success. The principal risks within our business model reflect the Groups view that risks by their very nature also bring the potential for reward. Our risk management process involves a twostep approach firstly to assess the likelihood of the risk occurring and then the impact it will have on the Group. This assessment enables the Group to then put the most appropriate measures in place to either avoid the risk altogether or mitigate the risk to an acceptable level.