 2017 was a year of significant progress for the Group with the successful listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. During April 2017 we welcomed our new shareholders to benefit from our robust deleveraged but growing business. Ten Entertainment Group plc has performed well during FY17 good likeforlike sales growth again the successful completion of a further three acquisitions and refurbishments at six of our centres. Following the successful pilot of a business transformation project Pins Strings we are now extending this technology into ten more of our locations in 2018 and in time across each of our venues. The combination of these achievements has resulted in strong EBITDA growth of 14 during the year and therefore we can confidently propose a payment of a maiden fullyear dividend. I am pleased to report Group adjusted earnings per share of 16.2p. A key aspect of our sustained and most recent performance is our highly experienced and motivated leadership team together with a very special culture which is focused on delivering consistently great experiences for our customers. One way we can see this is the most crucial measure our impressive sectorleading Net Promoter Score of 66 up from 49 in 2016. We know it is a crucial correlate to sales growth and therefore core underlying profit growth. I believe operating teams across the Group served by the senior leadership team and support group has the right skillset to execute the Groups strategy deliver significant further growth and drive strong returns for shareholders. On behalf of the Board I would like to personally thank all of our teams and colleagues across the Group for their commitment and dedication to the Group during 2017. They are a remarkable group of people and we are privileged to enjoy their efforts and enjoyment in working for Tenpin. Chairmans statement The business is well positioned for future growth Nick Basing Chairman Our growth strategy is designed to support and strengthen our business model and is focused on three simple routes incremental organic growth growth through acquisition and ongoing investment into both our estate and our support platform. FULLYEAR DIVIDEND 10.0p year ended 31 December 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Ten Entertainment Group plc 6 Strategic report We put our customers at the heart of everything we do At Ten Entertainment Group our people are focused on making each customers visit a memorable one and our culture supports our teams to provide those consistently great customer experiences. This has resulted in our Net Promoter Score increasing 17 percentage points to 66 in 2017. The Group believes that engaged employees leads to high customer satisfaction and we are proud to have been accredited as a Great Place to Work. We have also maintained our Investors in People Gold standard since 2014. These awards are reflected by our own colleagues with 90 saying they would recommend Tenpin as a great place to work. We provide our people with bespoke training modules to ensure they have the skills required to provide great service with both a management development programme and an area management programme available to colleagues. We also introduced our apprenticeship programme Tenpins Got Talent this year. Exceptional customer service 66 NET PROMOTER SCORE To develop and protect our business further we apply good corporate governance through a strong and independently minded Board which has been appointed to assist the Group achieve its aspirations and deliver its potential. It meets on a regular basis and all have already made substantial progress. Our strong balance sheet is currently delevered specifically to protect against any downside risk on future covenants and give us scope for assurance and flexibility to sensibly use free cash for dividends or acquisitions. The balance sheet also provides us with good access to capital to take advantage of current and future potential to deliver longterm value to our shareholders. The Board are recommending a final dividend of 7.0p per share resulting in a fullyear dividend of 10.0p per share. The business is in strong shape with much potential remaining and has a simple and proven low risk but high growth strategy that will enable Ten Entertainment to continue to prosper further delight its customers more and deliver consistent and stronger returns for shareholders. I strongly believe our business is well positioned in a growing sector of the wider leisure market and from the addition of new sites of 5.3. Three site acquisitions were completed during the year in line with our estate growth target range of two to four acquisitions per year. On a 52week vs. 53week reported basis revenue grew by 5.5. Likeforlike sales growth was driven by our continuing focus on good value family entertainment improving our customer service standards and Net Promoter Score and our ongoing investment into the estate. The refurbishments completed at the end of FY16 at five of the sites acquired in FY15 supported strong likeforlike growth in these sites in what was their second year under the Tenpin brand. This is supportive of our unique Tenpinisation strategy our proven process of converting acquisitions to the T enpin model whereby on acquisition sites go through a sevenstep integration plan introducing new company controls and IT and embedding operational systems to create multichannel connectivity maximise yield and review for further capital investment all supported by our skilled people. Over and above this we know there is further opportunity and potential for us to enhance our sales by better use of digital marketing. We have increased the size of our contactable database by 25 during the year and recruited a new digital marketing Director to drive engagement with both our existing and potential new customers. Group adjusted EBITDA on the same proforma basis grew by 14.4 to 19.0m FY16 PF 16.