 Against this backdrop we continued last year to take actions to elevate our luxury retail and digital business strengthen our brand and reposition Burberry for growth as we maintained our focus on maximising longterm shareholder value. In addition to our ongoing actions in wholesale and licensing this included our announcement last May of a multiyear programme to accelerate our productivity and efficiency agenda having identified significant opportunities across our existing channels products and regions and our ways of working. We touched on these in our last report and have since distilled them into comprehensive plans covering five key areas Product Focus Productive Space Ecommerce Leadership Operational Excellence and Inspired People the detail of which I will turn to shortly. To deliver on this ambitious programme we have also strengthened our executive leadership team with the extensive luxury experience of Marco Gobbetti who will take on the role of Chief Executive Officer in July 2017 and the transformation expertise of Julie Brown our new Chief Operating and Financial Officer. And we have made further appointments over recent months to complement and enhance the existing skills of our senior team including in key areas such as design merchandising technology and brand experience. As such the scope and scale of the changes we are making to our business are significant and it will take time to realise move from new space to productive space. Following a decade of geographic expansion our focus in this next phase is shifting to how we make all our space more productive retail and wholesale online and offline and with an emphasis on our fullprice channels. We have significant opportunity here. The foundation of our activity over the past year has been our Retail Excellence programme covering all aspects of our retail operations including how we serve our customers approach customer cultivation and manage our stores. Results this year show good early traction. Within service we increased our investment in training and introduced a new service model CLIENT and we are currently embedding a new global customer feedback programme based on net promoter scores. These actions helped drive improvements in conversion and retention globally with room for continued growth. Within cultivation we accelerated the expansion of our Customer Value Management programme and Private Client teams to bring more customers closer to our brand and products through appointments events and experiences. This richer more personalised approach drove a significant uplift in repeat business in the year. Finally within operations investments in areas including point of sale systems and new staff scheduling tools drove improvements as we seek to standardise and simplify our processes globally. A standout area of progress here was our omnichannel programme which has significantly increased the amount of product available to our online customers by enabling us to fulfil ecommerce orders from store stock. Alongside this initial emphasis on our retail business we are sharpening our focus on how we inspire customers more consistently across channels not least working closely with our wholesale partners to create a stronger more carefully curated Burberry offer globally. With scope to accelerate this activity to drive stillgreater coherence and support brand perception this is important work for the future. Ecommerce Leadership Through early investment and focus we have established a leading position in digital in our industry with more than 48 million followers on social media worldwide and a Genius ranking from the influential thinktank L2. We aim to consolidate this leadership position over the coming years while deploying it more assertively to drive online sales on our own website and through third parties. From enabling seamless customer journeys across digital platforms to using technology to service our customers in stores and critically linking these online and offline worlds we are wellplaced to extend our leadership in this area. The evolution of Burberry.com was a key focus during the year. The relaunch of the global site on mobile and desktop offered customers a richer brand experience at the same time as better functionality improving conversion on both platforms and driving mobile to nearly 60 of our online traffic. Meanwhile the redesign of our China site to tailor it more effectively to local preferences and behaviours drove increases of around 70 in directtoconsumer sales while giving valuable insights for our overall site development for the future. Finally we softlaunched our new customer app towards the providing extensive communications to ensure employees understand the changes taking place within the Company and to obtain their feedback. Alongside the existing global employee engagement calendar retail conferences were held in key markets sharing new strategies and ways of working. Exceptional employee contribution across all areas of the business was celebrated through the annual Burberry Icon Awards which received more than 18000 nominations a record number. Craftspeople in the supply chain were celebrated in the September campaign which showcased the artisans who make Burberry products. Employees continued to be connected to creative brand moments. Enhance talent and reward programmes Burberry focused on identifying and meeting the critical capabilities required to deliver the Companys strategies. It also continued to foster a culture of recognition to support high performance and retention of talent through reward and enhanced training and development opportunities. Key achievements include the following. The Companys first cohort of Burberry Apprentices graduated during the year having gained qualifications and experience in roles across retail internal manufacturing and distribution in the UK. A review of employee performance and talent management resulting in a simplified approach. A successful pilot of this new approach took place with the full rollout commencing in 201718. In 2016 Burberry was ranked by LinkedIn as one of the UKs Top 10 attractors for employment and ranked 29th in EMEIA. Ensure a responsible mindset and actions Burberry has worked towards completion of its 20122017 responsibility strategy while finalising ambitious plans and goals for the next five years.