 Grow the core Selective product development Value enhancing acquisitions Creating value through acquisitions The strong performance of milkrite InterPuls in growing revenue and profit with improved margins confirms the successful integration of the InterPuls business into the Group following its acquisition in late 2015. InterPuls has provided an enhanced product range whilst broadening routes to market and demonstrates our ability to successfully identify acquire and importantly fully integrate value enhancing businesses into our existing operations. Revenue growth at constant currency 4.5 2016 0.6 Leveraging the product and customer base Responding to customers growing needs Offering new models and solutions Expanding our reach through distribution Enhancing our commercial effectiveness Continuing focus on operational excellence Moving up the value chain in respiratory protection Enabling technologies and integrated systems Building the dairy portfolio around service proposition Acquisitions are intended to complement and extend the reach of our existing businesses and bring new growth opportunities. Clear business criteria have been established to guide our acquisition strategy. We are seeking acquisition targets with at least three of the following five commercial criteria Strong brand recognition Technology which broadens our product range Expands our geographical reach Secure revenue streams or another source of profitable growth Strong management in place We also expect any acquisition to a range of masks for Law Enforcement and first responder use PC50 and C50 and for Military special forces FM53 and FM54. The latest additions to our range include the M69 aircrew mask for use in the DoDs fixed wing aircraft the M53A1 powered air respirator and the entry level EL50 mask. FM12 MiTIC S MILCF50 NH15 MCM100 CSPAPR EL50 Deltair FM61 NH15 Combo MDC150 CSElite M69 M53A1 Product range FM12 PC50 EL50 C50 FM50 FM53 FM54 HMK150 M53A1 M69 FM50 Magnum The FM61 uses pioneering conformal filter technology for closer integration and is designed with bayonet quick fit for use only with the M50 mask. The MILCF50 filter has a unique conformal shape providing a low profile close fit with the mask. The filter design minimises snag and pull hazards as well as reducing neck loading. The NH15 Escape Hood range is the smallest NIOSHcertified CBRNCO air purifying escape respirator on the market and is ideal for police emergency medical services and fire officers seeking immediate or emergency respiratory protection in a CBRNCO escape scenario. MCM100 is a state of the art underwater rebreather range for military diving use. During 2017 we obtained the CE European safety approval for the product and post year end we have secured the first orders for this product from military customers. Our underwater product range also includes the MDC150 dive computer designed for military use. Our fire range is comprised of the argus thermal imaging camera and the Deltair SCBA. We are in the health and safety of its employees and contractors. All employees are encouraged to take an active role in ensuring that our working environment is a safe place to work and visit by actively reporting all safety observations being involved in safety audits assessments and regular training sessions. Over the year monthly global HS meetings are held where information knowledge and ideas are shared to implement best practice across our sites and create positive safety attitudes. Our management teams put considerable focus on potential hazard reporting to ensure the appropriate action is taken before they can cause an incident or an accident. These actions are key to ensuring our facilities are safe places in which to work. ENVIRONMENT We are committed to minimising the impact of our operations on the environment and encourage all employees to think about ways of modifying their behaviour. At the start of each year we set environmental improvement goals. Each site has delivered a number of improvements for example the replacement of overhead lighting with LEDs at our Melksham site. Each facility participates in recycling paper metal plastic cardboard and used products and continues to focus on minimising energy consumption. We have experienced no external environmental incidents or concerns throughout the 2017 financial year at any of our locations. The electricity gas and water used at our UK sites is monitored on a weekly basis to spot peaks in usage. The aim is to identify possible improvements to reduce energy consumption of these processes. With our intranet. All employees have the ability to make suggestions directly to the CEO via our Ask the CEO mailbox. Part of the communication programme is our employee opinion survey. The survey gives employees the opportunity to give anonymous feedback to management which we assess and use to inspire improvement plans. The survey helps to ensure Avon listens to its employees and strives for continuing improvement. This years survey had a response rate of 67 against a target of 50. The responses are evaluated by each level of management and it will continue to be a platform that helps Avon invest in its people and drive success. WELLBEING Under our wellbeing initiative we offer healthy lifestyle support and advice with the aim of encouraging better health and wellbeing for all employees. We believe wellbeing works best when the experience is a shared one we have regular global wellness challenges for our employees to take part in to help stimulate small changes to improve their overall health. These include challenges related to increasing activity levels eating healthier and drinking more water. We have a global wellness week each year with a variety of activities on offer at all of our sites including healthy eating options in our canteens a wellness fair and health quizzes. Pictured above is the team at AEF and their healthy lunchtime options. Our wellbeing programme also covers financial wellness.