 Honing in on our brand message and getting it out there to people who havent used AO before is one of our key challenges in the coming months. The sponsorship of this years Britains Got Talent has kickstarted that challenge. Its been an exciting project and has given us all something to smile about especially those whove been lucky enough to star in some of the accompanying adverts. At AO weve always maintained that happy staff equal happy customers. Underpinning our culture is the belief that you cant pay people to care and you cant tell people to have fun with customers theyve got to want to. Peters small gesture to Moira was unprompted but it made a big difference to her overall customer experience. It is a story we need to tell better and to more people because AO.com really is a much easier way to shop for electricals and once people experience The AO Way they really get it. We have learned a lot of lessons on how to best tell that story over the last four years and we are getting better at it. It is by far our biggest single opportunity. At AO we want this ethos to go beyond the business into the local communities in which we work. Ive always believed that retailers have a responsibility to give back to their communities thats why we set up the AO Smile Foundation providing support to disadvantaged young people across the UK. We Performance this year We are continuing to drive our European operation responsibly with controlled growth. It has been a year of consolidation and whilst financial performance has not met our expectations with investment losses being more than internally planned we are nonetheless pleased with the strategic progress made and now have a firm foundation from which to further build our German and Dutch market offerings. Our new territories are taking the same journey that our UK operation experienced in its infancy which we communicated to analysts and investors at our Capital Markets Day in February. The strategy across Europe is identical to the focus we have in the UK to develop the customer proposition categories culture and brand to build and deliver a sustainable business. We launched in the Netherlands in March 2016 and have been extremely pleased with the way our brand has resonated with our Dutch customers over the full year of trading. We applied the learnings from our launch in Germany for example in terms of supplier engagement the recruitment of key personnel and customer acquisition. This resulted in a smooth launch and we hit the ground running giving us the confidence to replicate this bolton model in other territories when appropriate. Priorities next year Our research into further countries continues and we will pursue this strategy through continued careful assessment of the European electricals market being selective of which opportunities to progress or put on hold to ensure that we deliver the best possible proposition for point of their computing purchase journey. Ready for takeoff. October 2016 New category launched using our learnings and the systems weve developed there are so many categories we can extend into. We are delighted by our progress so far leveraging the investments we have previously made in our web content IT and product teams to add the category seamlessly to ao.com. See our computing launch video here. Our values are what set us apart. A modern company with old fashioned values AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 30 Corporate Social Responsibility Theres lots here about grass roots and pipelines. In short we select who we think are AO people train encourage and give them the chance they need. Responsible retailing The Board considers that the development wellbeing and safekeeping of people is central to supporting its strategy and this coupled with our social and environmental credentials is fundamental in creating a sustainable business. People are our business Creating the right environment for our employees We continue to do what we believe is best for our employees providing an environment in which they can really flourish and the ability to develop their skills. We want to encourage people as much as possible to collaborate and have open spaces for employees to share and create ideas and the new facility at Bergheim has been built to mirror the style of our facilities at Parklands and Crewe. We believe this type of environment really fosters the entrepreneurial spirit creating a cando slightly year on year reflecting the increase in delivery income described above. The contribution to profit from product protection plans and other ancillaries excluding delivery relative to revenue remained consistent with the previous year. In Europe the gross loss reduced by 18.2 to 4.0m 2016 4.9m and gross margin improved by 6.5ppts to 5.6 2016 12.1 with the losses and negative margin continuing to represent the early stage of these operations with relatively low product margins and higher costs to deliver due to low drop densities at our current scale. However during the period we have made significant progress with our supplier relationships resulting in solid improvements in product margin. In addition our individual costs of delivery have improved following i internal efficiency drives ii a full years trading in the Netherlands which leverages our German infrastructure cost base iii increasing order levels which improved our drop densities and iv the use of a thirdparty logistics delivery model in areas with very low population density. Selling General Administrative Expenses SGA see table 3 Total Group SGA expenses increased by 22.2 over the year by 25.9m to 142.4m 2016 116.5m. UK SGA expenses for the year to 31 March 2017 increased by 20.6 to 118.6m 2016 98.4m and represented 18.8 of sales 2016 17.6. UK advertising and marketing expenditure as a percentage of revenue remained broadly unchanged year on year at 4.1 2016 4.3 as we continue our strategy to grow brand awareness.