 We have opened a number of cobranded Elgiganten Phone House stores in Sweden and launched the Phone House in Norway. In both cases the performance of these stores has been very encouraging. The Connected World Services management team have put in place a newlyconfigured organisational structure to deliver on an already strong pipeline and we now have the sales team to develop our pipeline. Post the year end we were very pleased to announce a partnership with Sprint in the US and subject to the successful completion of a pilot phase we will open up to 500 new stores as well as a separate agreement to provide services to support their existing retail business. In addition following the success of honeyBee in the UK we are also preparing for launch in Canada. Our focus on markets where we have scale and relevance led to the decision to exit from our retail businesses in Germany and the Netherlands whilst retaining longterm contracts for the provision of insurance services in these markets through CWS. On 16 July 2015 we also announced plans to dispose of our operations in Portugal. A great deal has been achieved this year but there is still much to do. Delivery options IT investment extending our free warranty programme further training for our colleagues completion of the integration building on our MVNO and CWS businesses creating a new services business and even stronger pricing in some territories are just some of the initiatives in our sights to build on our longterm sustainability and grow the value of the Company. Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201415 Strategic report Group Chief Executives Statement 6 The consumer electronics and mobile phone landscapes are in a constant state of flux and never more so than today. This creates challenges of course but also some exciting opportunities. The growth of smartphones tablets and the speed of internet access both in and out of the home together with an increasing number of connected devices are changing the way people live their lives communicate and use technology. This has made a number of new markets available to Dixons Carphone including wellness security content and home management. We are focused on building strong positions in these markets in the next few years. On top of this the growing complexity and interconnectivity of products means that customers are increasingly demanding help and support throughout a products lifecycle from choosing the right product at the outset through to installation connection and repair. This provides an increasing opportunity for our Geek Squad and KNOWHOW services as customers ask for help in getting their products working and keeping them working. Behind our endtoend service operation we have a comprehensive and unique infrastructure including technical support delivery installation repair and recycling. We plan to leverage this infrastructure to widen our services customer base right across our core markets. Finally every team and every individual will have been affected by the well as price comparability. It is becoming an important part of the buying process for customers particularly for large ticket discretionary products. Larger retailers with an integrated multichannel bricks and clicks offer with scalable distribution and systems together with proven after sales service and support are increasingly attractive to customers. Our collectstore service where customers can order on the internet and collect from a convenient store at a time to suit them and our paycollect service where customers can access a wider range of products than is typically available in their local store for either home delivery or later collection from the store are both proving to be increasingly popular. The UK and Nordic markets have high broadband penetration and a maturing online sales platform. The increase in online penetration provides us with the opportunity to increase both the range of goods on offer and the availability of product information. Our multichannel approach is well placed to exploit synergies between our internet sites and stores. Innovation brings new products with improved functionality that drive sales growth. These include 4K Ultra High Definition and Smart TVs wearable technology tablets as well as converging products that combine the flexibility of a tablet with a keyboard. Content such as social media apps digital media and cloud computing also help to drive hardware innovation and replacement. Product sales are driven by structural shifts such as analogue to digital and standard format through to Ultra HD television. In addition innovation drives new service requirements including a revenue stream not readily available to single channel online and mass market competitors. Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201415 Strategic report Our resources 13 Customers People Suppliers Distribution and logistics Store portfolio Intellectual property Energy Cash and capital Customers We are driven to provide unparalleled expertise and services to help customers and businesses navigate the new digital era and one of our key values is we put the customer first always. To deliver on this value and to ensure we continue to respond to customers needs we must listen and respond effectively to them. We have comprehensive customer research programmes spanning a variety of tools including exit surveys mystery shoppers and focus groups as well as effective data gathering through for example our Happy or Not tools launched in our Elkjp business and now introduced to CurrysPCWorld. Within our Carphone Warehouse stores our Each and Every Customer Counts programme and Net Promoter Scores NPS are integral to our internal reward system. We are pleased that customer satisfaction scores across the business are at record levels. Through this research managed internally and reviewed daily weekly and monthly we have developed a clear and detailed understanding of what we are doing well and more importantly of where we can target further improvements.