 Our clients continue to strengthen their operations in a period of intensive change injecting control reducing both costs and operational risk and complying with the rapidly evolving regulatory framework. As similar regulations are adopted in Asia and the Dodd Frank and IOSCO framework extends to new waves of market participants Lombard Risk is well placed to continue this success. With another major release in January the addition of exchangetraded derivatives to COLLINE once again underlines the value derived from creating a truly crossproduct collateral solution designed to work across asset classes from the ground up. Attracting new Futures Commission Merchant FCM clients in Europe and North America as well as presenting an important upgrade to existing customers its immediate success validates our strategy to offer a comprehensive and uptodate solution suitable for the biggest Tier 1 organisations. However our collateral expertise is equally relevant across the market to participants of all sizes and building on our success of hosting COLLINE in the cloud for some clients we launched AgileCOLLATERAL in November. With a focus on control combining simplicity of both onboarding and daytoday operations AgileCOLLATERAL offers the power of COLLINE tailored to the operational model of clients of any size. Keeping pace with the regulators Work has continued to deliver our vision to establish AgileREPORTER as the leading regulatory reporting solution across North America Europe and Asia. Deployed as either an integrated package with our strategic partner Oracle or implemented directly on top of existing data sources by Lombard were pleased to add four major collateral customers close two AgileREPORTER for Oracle Financial Services Analytical Applications OFSAA deals with our partner Oracle and welcome several other reporting clients including a major greenfield challenger bank choosing AgileREPORTER to meet its reporting requirements. Delivering to such an extensive client community requires a highly skilled professional services organisation and we pride ourselves on the quality of our implementation support. With a high number of projects being managed to an externally imposed regulatory deadline and multiple clients having to meet those deadlines simultaneously we have become adept at leveraging our extensive use of client feedback to provide the highest levels of support. Critical partnerships We have continued to work closely with our strategic partner Oracle America Inc. adding the ECB and European Banking Authority EBA reporting schedules to those previously developed for the Federal Reserve. The magnitude of the client investment projects involving an endtoend solution offered in partnership with Oracle has meant that deal progression has been slower than both parties would have liked but with five clients signed and a strong pipeline in North America Europe and Australia we are extremely optimistic about the opportunities being pursued for fiscal year 2018. Chief Executive Officers statement continued 6 Lombard Risk Management plc Annual report and accounts 2017 In November we announced an exciting new relationship with Atos taking our cloudbased collateral management solution to the German market. This important milestone represents critical progress in allowing us to open key geographies with local clients have a proven solution to pressing regulatory problems. ORRS is now enabled for the European market. This makes available a potent solution for clients that have previously struggled to find a true endtoend integrated solution to data management computation and reporting automation for European Banking Authority EBA reporting. Lombard Risks relationship with Oracle in Asian markets is now opening opportunities there too. Case studies with existing AgileREPORTER Oracle clients reveal these benefits Assured regulatory accuracy at lower cost with some clients estimating over 50 savings on operational costs. Automated regulatory reporting can deliver direct improvements in regulator relationships. Significant operational risk management improvements arise from timely monitoring and corrective actions. Replacement of manual processes has reduced time producing reports thus freeing resource to review outputs analyse the data and utilise it for informed business decisions. Real and significant cost savings from AgileREPORTER realised reallocation of resources to higher value areas and reduction in overtime at peak times. The ORRS solution including AgileREPORTER is well placed as clients gear up now for new requirements under International Financial Reporting Standard 9 the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book FRTB and the Net Stable Funding Ratio NSFR. 13 Annual report and accounts 2017 Lombard Risk Management plc Strategic report Business review Outlook Lombard Risks software is designed to help financial institutions continuously meet the seemingly insatiable demands of the global regulators and to do so efficiently. Global standards created by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision BCBS in quality and quantity of capital and liquidity and leverage and standards in governance translate into specific country implementation under national regulatory rules. Our design philosophy mirrors this relationship efficiently leveraging our enterpriselevel architecture investment into local frameworks for delivery to the regulators. As Basel III evolution continues into Basel IV a stream of requirements such as the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book FRTB and the Net Stable Funding Ratio NSFR dominate the horizon. Nearer term changes to expected credit loss accounting under IFRS 9 and ongoing European regulatory changes for COREP and for AnaCredit in the Eurozone present immediate opportunities. In the US the regulatory framework is expected to drive change despite the possibility of a reregulation if not deregulation agenda taking hold while in Asia markets are modernising with revisions to statistical data requirements from Singapore to Australia. In addition to these impacts on regulatory reporting driving demand for AgileREPORTER the increasingly strict derivatives margining regime will continue to be extended across the industry affecting smaller clients adding new financial services segments and driving demand for COLLINE and AgileCOLLATERAL. As well as the external creation of this regulatorydriven and datesensitive appetite for proven solutions Lombard Risk offers clients genuine opportunities to streamline their processes and reduce both operational risk and the cost of maintaining a licence to operate. We enter the new financial year with our recurring revenues at another alltime high of around 12.4m 2016 10.2m and our highest ever level of order book at 10.1m 2016 7.5m.