 Chief Executive Officers review continued 2018 Shareholder distribution 2.9bn 0.20share Minimising our impact on the environment 5 reduction in carbon emissions intensity by 2020 vs 2016 06 Glencore Annual Report 2017 We continued to make progress on meeting our groupwide carbon emission intensity reduction target of at least 5 on 2016 levels by 2020 committed to the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures and completed an assessment of sites at a high risk of waterrelated issues. We were delighted to appoint Ms Gill Marcus to the Board as an Independent NonExecutive Director with effect from 1 January 2018. Gill was Governor of the South African Reserve Bank from November 2009 to November 2014 and her long record of public service coupled with her finance experience geo political insights and nonexecutive board experience will be a great benefit to us. Due to sustained low levels of liquidity and the general ability and preference for prospective investors to access Glencores primary exchange we sought to delist from Hong Kong which took effect in January 2018. Looking forward We look ahead with confidence noting the synchronised global economic growth supportive commodity fundamentals and the emerging electric vehicle story. We believe our unrivalled positioning in Tier 1 commodities and Tier 1 assets will continue to create compelling value for shareholders. Ivan Glasenberg Chief Executive Officer 1 March 2018 2.9bn distribution recommended in respect of 2017 cash flows above the minimum policy threshold Our people and partners We have established longterm relationships with a broad range of suppliers and customers across diverse industries and geographies 146000 employees and contractors spread across 90 offices and 6 continents Financial discipline We deploy capital in a disciplined manner creating value for all our stakeholders Our hedging strategies protect us against price risks and ensure that our marketing profitability is primarily determined by volumedriven activities and valueadded services rather than absolute price Unique market knowledge As an integrated commodity producer and marketer we are uniquely positioned to generate value at every stage of the commodity chain 16 Glencore Annual Report 2017 Outputs Protecting our people 24 reduction in total recordable injury frequency rate Income taxes paid to host countries 1.4bn Minimising our impact on the environment 5 reduction in carbon emissions scopes 1 and 2 Environment We aim to minimise any negative environmental impact from our activities and promote efficient use of resources such as energy and water. Antibribery and corruption Offering paying soliciting or accepting bribes is unacceptable. We work to identify and reduce the risks of bribery and corruption across all our business. Community human rights We foster sustainable growth and respect human rights wherever we operate. Adjusted EBITDA 14.8bn 2017 distributions to shareholders 2.9bn paid in 2018 basis 2017 cash flows Our logistics assets allow us to handle large volumes of commodities both to fulfil our obligations and to take advantage of demand and supply imbalances. These value added services make us a preferred in 2017 Stable Link to strategic priorities Risk appetite Medium. The Group maintains programmes which seek to ensure that we comply with or exceed the laws and external requirements applicable to our operations and products. However some of our industrial activities are located in countries that are categorised as developing complex or having political or social climates andor where corruption is generally understood to exist. We are exposed to extensive laws including those relating to bribery and corruption sanctions taxation antitrust financial markets regulation environmental protection use of hazardous substances product safety and dangerous goods regulations development of natural resources licences over resources exploration production and postclosure reclamation employment of labour and occupational health and safety standards and preservation. The terms attaching to any permit or licence to operate may also be onerous and obtaining these and other approvals which may be revoked can be particularly onerous to comply with. Furthermore in certain countries title to land and rights and permits in respect of resources are not always clear or may be challenged. The legal system and dispute resolution mechanisms in some countries may be uncertain so that we may be unable to enforce our understanding of our rights. Successful lawsuits based upon damage resulting from operations could lead to the imposition of substantial penalties the cessation of operations compensation and remedial andor preventative orders. Moreover the costs associated with legal compliance including regulatory permits are substantial and increasing. Any changes to these laws or their more stringent enforcement or to draw down meaningfully which led to renewed optimism that expectations on the oil market rebalancing within the coming year would be fulfilled providing the impetus for higher oil prices in the second half of 2017. OPEC cuts and renewed optimism about global growth supported higher prices Oil 74 Glencore Annual Report 2017 Further support came from geopolitical events and supply disruptions with outages in Libya Iraq the North Sea Canada and mounting concerns about Venezuela production declines. The steady increase in shortcycle US and other nonOPEC production coming on line was less influential in capping oil price gains as speculator net length increased rapidly to historically high levels driving the price of Brent up to 67 per barrel at the end of the year. The Brent curve shifted decisively into backwardation midway through the year and by year end the WTI curve followed suit. Refinery margins were generally healthy for most of 2017 in part supported by the impact of some unexpected capacity losses in Europe and the US. In shipping the tanker freight market remained lacklustre and struggled to perform as fleet expansion continued to outpace scrapping of tanker tonnage. Industrial activities Highlights Energy Products Adjusted EBITDA of 3.6 billion was up 2.1 billion year over year.