 The Group interprets relevant tax laws in a reasonable way and ensures that transactions are structured in a way that is consistent with a relationship of cooperative compliance with tax authorities. It also actively considers the implications of any planning for the Groups wider corporate reputation. In order to meet these objectives various procedures are implemented. The Audit and Risk Committee has reviewed the Groups tax strategy and related corporate tax matters. OUTLOOK The Groups main strategic focus remains to ensure highquality care and optimal patient experience. T o this end Mediclinic continues to invest in its people patient facilities and the technology within the facilities. The Groups growing international scale also enables it to unlock further value through promoting collaboration and best practice between its operating platforms and to extract further synergies and costefficiencies. The Group is wellpositioned to deliver longterm value to its shareholders with a wellbalanced portfolio of global operations a leading position across all four attractive healthcare markets and a platform for future growth. Demand for Mediclinics services across its platforms remains robust underpinned by an ageing population growing disease burden and technological innovation. However the increase in demand across the platforms is impacted by lower economic growth and greater competition. In addition there is an increased focus on the affordability of delivering healthcare which is resulting in changing care delivery models and greater regulatory oversight. The Group provides the following guidance for the financial implemented from 1 July 2017. Hirslanden is responding to the trend of outmigration with the opening of new outpatient facilities and the creation of an integrated medical network that facilitates the access to healthcare for patients. This is also important because outpatient clinics are a wellestablished route for the subsequent allocation of patients to hospitals and specialists. The establishment of outpatient facilities is part of the Hirslanden 2020 strategic programme. This programme has two main goals to increase the effi ciency of the existing business by implementing standardised systems and processes and to develop new areas of business such as outpatient facilities. Having opened the new outpatient surgery centre at Klinik Im Park Hirslanden will also open two new medical centres in Zurich Seefeldstrasse and Cham canton of Zug in spring 2018 and a further one at Schuppis canton of St. Gallen in 2019. Given the external environment the investment programme within Hirslanden and the potential for increased synergies the platform is wellpositioned to maintain its status as the largest medical network in Switzerland while continuing to improve patient satisfaction and clinical outcomes. There were a number of regulatory developments in Switzerland during the year. In April 2017 the Zurich Cantonal Parliament voted not to approve the proposed VVG levy. As part of a Cantonal budget review and cost savings initiative the Canton had proposed a levy to be introduced based on the proportion of privately insured patients treated in listed hospitals. This complex matter went through an extended legislative its procurement processes to improve efficiency and costeffectiveness. During the reporting period good progress was made on a range of international procurement initiatives including the classification and matching of products used across all its operating platforms to compare prices and drive procurement strategies better prices through pooling of capital equipment purchases across the three platforms volume bonus agreements with key capital equipment suppliers and direct importing and distribution of more costeffective surgical and consumable products. Refer to the Chief Executive Officers Review Our Strategy Progress and Aims as well as the Divisional Reviews included in this report for various examples of initiatives to improve costeffectiveness. ACCREDITATION Hospitals are highrisk environments in which complex treatment processes are executed using sophisticated equipment and techniques. The process of external accreditation ensures that international standards are adhered to in all aspects of hospital operations. For more details on accreditation please refer to the Clinical Services Report available on the Companys website at www.mediclinic.com. AR CSR MEDICLINIC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 59 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS MATERIAL ISSUE 2 ADDRESS SHORTAGE OF HEALTHCARE PRACTITIONERS WHY THIS IS IMPORTANT TO THE BUSINESS The attraction of suitably qualified healthcare professionals is essential in delivering the Groups Patients First strategy. For this reason priority focus is given to a proactive sourcing approach aligned to workforce planning for the medium term. Nurses pharmacists and doctors are categorised as critical skills and an integrated talent management strategy is tailored to each of these categories to ensure the support of the entire employee life cycle in these roles. A definite strength is the available talent analytics which indicate patterns in candidate and employee behaviour over time. These provide a strong predictive advantage and these insights are incorporated into the talent management strategy for each of these categories. The focus of attracting and utilising talent in a challenging healthcare market continues to be nurses emergency room doctors and pharmacists. Proactive initiatives are implemented in the specific categories and geographical areas of concern. HIGHLIGHTS Remarkable progress in relation to internationalisation of human resources strategy Continued investment in training and skills development to maintain and improve quality service delivery Introduced standardised employee engagement survey across the Group CONTROLLABLE EMPLOYEE TURNOVER RATE Southern Africa 6.3 2016 6.8 Switzerland 7.2 2016 5.2 UAE 19.8 2016 12.4 The turnover rate of Mediclinic Middle East has increased from the previous reporting period due to series of retrenchments following the Combination. PERCENTAGE OF PAYROLL INVESTED IN TRAINING AND SKILLS DEVELOPMENT Southern Africa 3.2 2016 3.6 Switzerland 4.8 2016 5.0 UAE 0.1 2016 0.