4 million were exchanged by September 2017. People The business has control over a directly employed dedicated installation field force supported by an inhouse training academy. SMS has highly experienced senior management and divisional teams with an established track record of successful IC smart meter rollout. Our people 25 IT systems We have significant IT software and data security capabilities and capacity and the ability to develop new applications and technologies to the ongoing benefit of our customers. Customer relationships SMSs excellent customer service is underpinned by client and service provider collaboration in planning forecasting and most importantly communication. Our strengths Asset installation Direct field force management and asset installation targeting the domestic smart meter opportunity. Asset and data management Investing in assets and providing remote reading solutions focusing on increasing growth rate of meter assets portfolio and driving recurring revenue. Energy management Providing energyefficient strategies with key focus on crossselling and establishing additional energy efficient products and services. STRATEGIC REPORT Smart Metering Systems plc Annual report and accounts 2017 12 Capital investment We maintain strong relationships with our banking business partners who work with us to facilitate our growth plans. Our current facility and recent equity placing will fund 100 of the value of the meter assets purchased as part of a phased installation programme in line with recent contract wins. Strategic acquisitions The acquisition of UPL in 2014 allowed us to offer a dual fuel solution with the integration of electric meter asset installation ownership and data business services. Acquisitions in 2016 allowed us to obtain control over the installation element of asset ownership and to invest in growth through additional engineering capacity. Our ability to provide both meter installation services and asset provision and management is a critical part of our value proposition. For investors Growing revenue and profits enabling us to pay a progressive dividend while retaining funds to invest for future growth. For customers Provide an endtoend service in all aspects of utility infrastructure smart metering and energy management. This breadth of service makes us unique in our industry with our expertise allowing our customers to have confidence that we will deliver an appropriate solution. For employees Interesting and challenging careers in a growing business that offers them the chance to develop and reach their potential. Creating value Supported by Total dividend Managed meter and data assets m 192 314 203 Total employees 714 936 825 p 419 631 520 S 13 Our strategy Positioned to own utility assets in a fastmoving market Key business focus An experienced inhouse national workforce undertakes comprehensive meter installation replacement and safety review activity. An automated field data capture system is employed to validate data and ensure its accuracy eliminating future billing irregularities. Our focus for 2018 Continue to grow and build capacity lead and drive innovation. Deliver efficiency improvements. Manage the transition to SMETS 2 smart meters as safely as possible. Our potential for 2019 and beyond Increase installation capacity organically through our Company. We remain committed to being a safe secure and reliable organisation and act diligently to protect our employees health and safety. As a Company our emphasis Sustainability S Annual report and accounts 2017 Smart Metering Systems plc 25 Sustainability continued Social responsibility The Group is committed to good environmental practice and places great importance on the impact of its operations on the environment. Our solutions enable us to have a significant overall positive environmental impact by influencing both our supply chain and customers in the energy and utility choices they make. When appointing an outsourced contractor to deliver any works on our behalf environmental considerations are agreed as part of our contract specifications and competencies are assessed prior to acceptance onto the SMS contractor supply database. We are proud that all of our contractors operate within our Environmental policy and contractors code of conduct before carrying out any work on behalf of SMS. Diversity and human rights The Group places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and continues to keep them informed of matters affecting them and the performance of the business. This is achieved through regular communications briefings and formal and informal meetings. SMS is an equal opportunities employer and our employees and applicants are treated fairly and equally regardless of their age colour creed disability full or parttime status gender marital status national or ethic origin race religion or sexual orientation. We have an AntiCorruption policy in place which relates to compliance with the Bribery Act 2010. We also provide a confidential whistleblower service. This is managed by a specialist thirdparty provider giving all colleagues across the Group the opportunity to raise concerns. The outcome of any report or incident investigation is summarised and provided to the Audit Committee for its review. During 2017 we conducted an evaluation of the implications of the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015. We believe in the preservation of human rights and recognise both their importance and our obligation to protect them. T o support this commitment we have policies covering key areas such as grievances harassment and bullying at work equal opportunities and dignity and professional conduct and behaviour to ensure that all our employees customers suppliers and their stakeholders are treated fairly and with respect. Craig McGinn Company Secretary and General Counsel for the Group Our commitment to diversity means creating a working environment that is respectful and engaging and that creates opportunities for all. We not only believe this is right thing to do but that it makes sound business sense as it helps to enhance productivity quality and innovation. We employed on average 791 people in the UK during the year. As at the financial year ended 31 December 2017 the Group employed 825 people.