 The scale of this test at 50G used 1024 ports. Our Spirent TestCenter generated traffic to fully load the switchs control and data planes at linerate with full stateful traffic. We collaborated with China Telecom China Co. Ltd. Guangzhou Research Institute and Huawei to verify 400Gbps Ethernet 400G short and longrange technologies. The test which is the first of its kind included the verification of 400G port functions such as linespeed forwarding multiservice stacking and fault reporting for short and longrange technologies. We are the leading provider of global navigation satellite simulators and vulnerability detection and assessment systems. Early in 2017 we announced the Spirent PT TestBench a testing analysis and reporting application to help developers build more accurate positioning functions quickly embodying over 30 years of Spirent GNSS testing expertise enabling users to setup run and interpret tests with a single mouse click. We released the GNSS vulnerabilities and threats test suite a continuously updated cloudbased library of real world GNSS threats. The test suite contains realworld intentional interference waveforms GNSS segment errors and receiver transitions jamming and spoofing events and the latest observed space weather and scintillation as observed and captured in the field so that they can be simulated in the lab. We grew our Application Security business revenue by more than 20 per cent as we penetrated new accounts. We expanded the security coverage of our flagship security product Spirent CyberFlood including ransomware IoT industrial controls and DDoS attacks. We provided nearzeroday testing for attack consist of both the end targeted system and all systems maliciously used and controlled by the hacker in the distributed attack. Enhanced Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service eMBMS eMBMS offers LTE service providers an effective way to lower cost per bit when delivering the same content simultaneously to multiple end users. Enhanced Voice Services EVS A superwideband speech audio coding standard. It offers up to 20 kHz audio bandwidth and is claimed to have high robustness to delay jitter and packet losses. It has been developed in 3GPP and is described in 3GPP TS 26.441. The application areas of EVS consist of improved telephony and teleconferencing audiovisual conferencing services and streaming audio. Ethernet A family of networking technologies originally developed for local area networks which migrated to metro area networks and eventually became the dominant standard in wireline networks worldwide. EvolutionData Optimised EVDO or EVDO A telecommunications standard for the wireless transmission of data through radio signals typically for broadband internet access. EVDO is an evolution of the CDMA2000 IS2000 standard that supports high data rates and can be deployed alongside a wireless carriers voice services. Evolved Packet Core EPC A framework for providing converged voice and data on a 4G LongTerm Evolution LTE network to support user mobility wireless data connections routing and authentication. Frequency division duplex FDD A technique where separate frequency bands are used at the transmitter and receiver side. Fuzzing A software testing technique commonly used to uncover security vulnerabilities in software operating systems or networks by inputting large amounts of invalid unexpected or random data to the system in an attempt to make it crash. Global Navigation Satellite Systems GNSS The standard generic term for satellite navigation systems that provide autonomous geospatial positioning with global coverage. GNSS allows users receivers to determine their location to within a few metres by employing a triangulation technique that uses information from multiple satellites. Global Positioning System GPS A global navigation satellite system operated by the United States government for determining a users location and height at any point on the earths surface. A receiver uses minute differences in measured time signals from clocks on satellites to calculate these positions and altitudes. Internet of Things IoT A network of physical objects or things embedded with electronics software sensors and connectivity to enable data exchange with the manufacturer operator andor other connected devices. Each thing is uniquely identifiable through its embedded computing system but is able to interoperate within existing internet infrastructure. Spirent Communications plc Annual Report 2017 171 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information Internet Protocol IP The primary network protocol used on the internet and on other network devices to facilitate and control the flow of data. Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem IMS A standardised nextgeneration architecture for telecoms operators who want to provide mobile and fixed multimedia services. Jamming The intentional emission of radio frequency signals to interfere with the operation of a GNSS receiver by saturating it with noise or false information. LabasaService LaaS A cloudbased build and deploy environment to manage lab resources required by developers testers pre and postsales support teams and others on an ondemand basis. LaaS is proven to reduce CapEx and increase lab user efficiency. LongTerm Evolution LTE An advanced wireless data communications technology standard sometimes called 4G which is an evolution of 3G UMTS standards. In addition to its wireless interface specification LTE uses a simplified flat IPbased network architecture. MultipleInput Multiple Output MIMO A wireless technology that employs multiple radio antennas on both the transmitter and receiver to improve the data transmission speeds and capacity of wireless networks. Network Functions Virtualisation NFV An initiative to provide a network production environment which lowers cost raises efficiency and increases agility by hosting network functions previously carried out by proprietary dedicated hardware on virtual machines running on industrystandard commodity hardware. Radio Frequency RF A technology used for wireless broadcasting andor communications that uses radio waves within the range over which they may be transmitted from about 3 kilohertz to about 300000 megahertz. SoftwareasaService SaaS A way of delivering applications over the internet as a service instead of installing and maintaining software. SoftwareDefined Network SDN An approach to networking in which control is decoupled from hardware and given to a software application called a controller.