 We have a long and successful tradition of delivering networkbased connectivity to the carrier and intermediate telecommunications markets throughout the UK and have developed valueenhancing services and solutions. We have a number of agreements with service providers and mobile operators to upgrade their IP capability. In addition we have used our expertise and geographic reach to provide ubiquitous bespoke data housing solutions. Our plans for our twentyrst century network 21CN will enable the delivery of further integrated network and communications solutions to our customers and their enduser customers. Deliver on broadband In the 2005 nancial year we continued our drive to enhance the awareness availability and attractiveness of broadband and we are on target to bring broadband to exchanges serving 99.6 of UK homes and businesses by the summer of 2005. The UK now has the most extensive broadband network of all the countries in the G7 Group according to telecommunications analyst Ovum. We believe that the key issues in todays broadband markets are speed and price but that going forward applications will increasingly prove to be a competitive differentiator. Broadband for wholesale customers In early April 2005 we reached our target of ve million broadband lines one year ahead of schedule. Since we rst announced the target takeup has continued to accelerate whereas it took a year to reach our rst million the fth million took just four months. Since September 2004 we have been connecting someone to broadband every ten seconds of every day. In Dividend mandate 131 Dividend investment plan 131 Global Invest Direct 131 Total shareholder return 131 Results announcements 132 Individual savings accounts ISAs 132 ShareGift 132 Unclaimed Assets Register 132 Exchange rates 132 Share buy back 132 Memorandum and Articles of Association Memorandum Articles 135 Material contracts 135 Taxation US Holders Taxation of dividends Taxation of capital gains Passive foreign investment company status US information reporting and backup withholding UK stamp duty UK inheritance and gift taxes in connection with ordinary shares andor ADSs 138 Exchange controls and other limitations affecting security holders 138 Documents on display 138 Publications 138 Electronic communication 139 Shareholder communication Private shareholders Institutional investors and analysts Additional information for shareholders BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20F 2005 127 Cautionary statement regarding forwardlooking statements Certain statements in this annual report are forwardlooking and are made in reliance on the safe harbour provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to analyses and other information which are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable.