 Activity recovered through Spring into the EU Referendum vote at which point things became markedly quieter before some sort of recovery got underway in September. It then held steady to the end of the financial year resulting overall in a year where transactions were down by 13 but where the fall had looked likely to be bigger at one point. In terms of housing transactions the year saw a rise in activity from first time buyers and a reduction in activity for subsequent movers and landlords buying property to let. ULS has a fairly typical exposure to all three segments and therefore has not unduly been affected by these movements. In terms of other market developments the Government produced its white paper to tackle the socalled housing crisis. This paper is tenure neutral effectively with policy assisting tenants as well as homeowners. General consensus is that there will be little if any market impact from this certainly in the short term and quite possibly in the medium and longer term too. One of the major challenges for the housing market is the lack of subsequent home movers. Many homeowners find it unnecessary or too expensive to move up a rung on the ladder. Changes to Stamp Duty havent helped certainly in London and have hindered other areas. The result of few people moving from one home to another is reduced housing stock for sale. This remains at record lows Computer systems are inherently open to failure or security breaches. These could impact the ability of the Group to be able to provide its service and serious failures could result in the loss of customers. The Group ensures that antivirus software is kept uptodate and regular penetration tests are performed. The main servers are located offsite at dual locations enabling immediate failover in the event of a server becoming unavailable at one of the locations. Acquisitions The Group has made acquisitions and plans to continue to be acquisitive. Making acquisitions is inherently risky. Risks include over paying not achieving expected synergies and impact on the existing business due to distraction of management. The general strategy of the Group is to acquire businesses in sectors it understands to undertake proper due diligence and to resource sufficiently and effectively. Acquisitions made to date have maintained or exceeded value paid for them. Principal risks and uncertainties OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 19 ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 01 Peter Opperman Nonexecutive Chairman Peter joined the Company in January 2011 at the point that Lloyds Development Capital LDC invested in the business. Peter has spent over 20 years in executive and Nonexecutive roles working in private equity backed businesses. Peter is currently Nonexecutive Chairman of Adestra Limited Decision Technology Limited and Connect Managed Services Limited. 02 Ben Thompson Chief Executive Officer Ben has been in financial services since 1986 and joined ULS Technology in 2014 as Managing Director before assuming the role of Chief Executive officer in November 2015. Prior to his appointment he was at Legal General where he ran their marketleading mortgage distribution business as well as the banking division. Ben previously held roles at Paymentshield St. Jamess Place Winterthur Life and TSB. His career has most recently been focused on mortgages and financial services. However Ben also has good experience in both retail and private banking as well as a wealth of experience in residential property in particular estate agency. 03 John Williams Finance Director John joined the business in January 2011 at the point of LDCs investment in the Group. Prior to joining the Company John was Finance Director at Stortext FM Limited a private equity backed SaaS business specialising in document management. There he led a merger process before taking the lead in a successful trade sale of the merged entity to Boxit Limited. John is a chartered accountant having qualified with Ernst Young before he gained bluechip experience with Motorola in a number of roles. Board of Directors ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 20 04 Andrew Weston Cofounder and IT Director Andrew cofounded ULS in 2003. He started his career developing and implementing software solutions at PE International plc and Vintner Computer Systems. He founded his own businesses Weston Computing in 1995 and Weston Technology in 2000. Andrew has spent the last 14 years building property financial and legal services applications for the Group and also cofounded ehips Ltd in 2007 now part of ULS. 05 Geoff grant date using a Black Scholes model. All sharebased remuneration is ultimately recognised as an expense in profit and loss with a corresponding credit to retained earnings. The expense is allocated over the vesting period. Other than the requirement to be an employee at the point of exercise there are no other vesting requirements and all share options are expected to become exercisable. Subsequent revisions to this give rise to an adjustment to cumulative sharebased compensation which is recognised in the current period. The number of vested options ultimately exercised by holders does not impact the expense recorded in any period. Upon exercise of share options the proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to share capital up to the nominal par value of the shares issued with any excess being recorded as share premium. Contingent liabilities No liability is recognised if an outflow of economic resources as a result of present obligations is not probable. Such situations are disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the outflow of resources is remote. New and amended International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the group There were no new standards amendments to standards or interpretations which are effective for the first time this year applicable to or which had a material effect on the Group.