 With the outlook improving as we enter the new financial year and supported by our very strong balance sheet the Board has decided to once again pay an uncovered dividend and to maintain the second interim dividend at 19.5p. Chairmans Statement continued Strategic Report Overview Governance Financial Statements 07 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2017 Leadership Changes On behalf of the other Board members and the entire staff at Polar I would like to thank Tim Woolley cofounder of the business who will be standing down as Chief Executive in July for his leadership in so successfully guiding us through many challenges over the past seven and a half years. Since Tim has been CEO the Group has added eight new investment teams head count has increased from 52 to 114 and AUM has increased from 1.9bn to 12.6bn. This has been a tremendous achievement not only when considered against the back drop of seismic changes in geopolitics and regulation market crises and shifting trends in the asset management industry that have occurred during his tenure but also when one considers that growth and success have come whilst retaining the entrepreneurial collegiate and transparent environment that Polar offers its fund managers and staff. Fortunately our association will continue as Tim will be staying on as a nonexecutive member of the Board. I am looking forward to welcoming Gavin Rochussen on board as our new Chief Executive in July. Gavin has an exceptional record as a CEO in the asset management industry and has a proven record in developing an institutional business and building a significant presence in North America. We look forward to a bright future under his proven and dynamic leadership. Annual General Meeting Once again our AGM will be held at our offices at 16 Palace Street London SW1E 5JD. The meeting will be on the 26 July 2017 commencing at 230pm. Although we do not give a trading update at the meeting I encourage shareholders to attend so that they can meet the Directors after the meeting. Outlook Whilst political uncertainty and marketvolatility appear to be our constant travelling companions these days we enter the new fiscal year with a good degree of momentum in terms of fund performance fund flows and asset growth. Despite ongoing regulatory headwinds within the industry we believe we are well positioned to return to earnings growth in the new financial year subject to there being no major correction in markets. Tom Bartlam Chairman 26 June 2017 Strategic Report Polar Capital Holdings plc 08 Chief Executives Report For the year ended 31 March 2017 Tim Woolley Chief Executive Officer and Founder Our Chairman referred in his Statement to the fact that last year was a disappointing year for active managers and that indeed many of our funds failed to beat their benchmarks. Whilst disappointing one should never read too much into a single year our history at J O Hambro was built around the same philosophy and values that we have at Polar and this together with his record of execution gives me great encouragement for the future of the Company. The focus will continue to be investment led with high alpha differentiated active product serving the needs of our clients with capacity limits on funds appropriate to the underlying liquidity of the strategy. There are undoubtedly challenges ahead for us as a Company and the industry in general but I believe significant opportunities too especially if one looks beyond the UK to the global wealth management industry. Gavins arrival is timely in that respect given his expertise in overseas business development and this will no doubt play a key role in our future growth in the coming years. I would like to thank our many loyal clients and shareholders for their support during my tenure as CEO and to thank all our talented and dedicated employees who have delivered so much during the last seven and half of years. Whilst my involvement in the daytoday operations of Polar is coming to an end I am very much looking forward to my continued association with the Company as nonexecutive Board member and major shareholder. Tim Woolley Chief Executive Officer 26 June 2017 Strategic Report Polar Capital Holdings plc 10 Financial Review Introduction Commentary on the results for the year follows in the sections below. Adjustments have been made to the 2016 comparatives following reclassification of the an additional fee to reflect these responsibilities if felt appropriate. Strategic Report Overview Governance Financial Statements 31 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2017 Service Contracts Payments for Loss of Office The Remuneration Committee reviews the contractual terms for new Executive Directors to ensure that these reflect best practice. Service contracts normally continue until the Directors agreed retirement date or such other date as the parties agree. The service contracts contain provision for early termination. Notice periods given by the employing company are limited to 12 months or less. A Directors service contract may be terminated without notice and without any further payment or compensation except for sums accrued up to the date of termination on the occurrence of certain events such as gross misconduct. If the employing company terminates the employment of an Executive Director in other circumstances compensation is limited to salary due for any unexpired notice period and any amount assessed by the Remuneration Committee as representing the value of other contractual benefits including pension which would have been received during the period. Payments in lieu of notice are not pensionable. In the event of a change of control of the Company there is no enhancement to contractual terms. The NonExecutive Directors have letters of appointment setting out the terms and conditions of their appointment and their expected time commitment.