 It is one of a very small number of companies who offer holistic regulatory reporting services which will become ever more critical as financial markets evolve. During the period we also invested in RSRCHXchange a MiFID II marketplace for institutional research Axoni a leading provider of distributed ledger technology OpenFin a unifying operating layer for financial desktops and Cloud9 Technologies a cloudbased communication provider. In addition we made a further investment in OpenGamma a leading provider of derivatives risk analytics. These acquisitions and investments demonstrate how the team within our financial technology investment business NEX Opportunities is successfully building an impressive portfolio of emerging financial technology companies. In February Per Sjberg CEO of TriOptima decided to leave the business to pursue other ventures. I would like to record here my thanks to him for all his contributions since he founded the business in 2000. Ready for the future NEX is in a position to change our industry. We have a portfolio of services that no one else can offer and which gives us the ability to build our reputation and brand as the worlds leading electronic platform for OTC transactions and post trade services to all parties. We are already expanding beyond our traditional sellside client base of banks and professional trading firms to embrace hedge funds corporates asset managers sovereign wealth funds and global regional and central banks. NEX will become synonymous with a supermarket of services delivering worldclass products and firstrate service and support to our in ENSO and Abide Financial we have stakes in eight further portfolio companies with exposure to the fast growing areas of riskdata analytics. One recent example is Axoni which serves the worlds largest financial institutions and capital markets service providers with full stack blockchain solutions. How we deliver We retain a robust technology infrastructure. We supply marketleading electronic execution platforms to the professional trading community. We are focused on innovating and evolving the market ecology. We build next generation cloudbased technological solutions. We have created an ecosystem of products and services that span the transaction lifecycle. STRATEGIC PRIORITY STRATEGIC PRIORITY 12 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Governance and directors report Financial statements Definitions To attract and retain the best talent To grow What weve achieved On Charity Day in December 2016 our employees clients and suppliers raised 8.2 million for 200 charities around the world. We are extending the number of senior employees who will receive part of their compensation in shares rather than cash and ensuring that the Company Sharesave scheme is made available to as wide an employee base as possible across all Group businesses. We have a strong internal communications and engagement strategy to ensure that our employees understand NEX are proud to work for us and are motivated for the business to succeed. This includes regular formal and informal networking events and hackathons in addition to newsletters with articles written by employees from across the Group. We have an ongoing commitment to training valuable opportunity for the nonexecutive directors to engage directly with the executive team and challenge managements thinking on discussion items particularly strategic investment reviews and acquisition proposals. The table below sets out the scheduled board meeting attendance of the directors who served on the board in 201617. Due to unavoidable circumstances Ivan Ritossa was unable to attend one board meeting of ICAP plc on 10 November 2016. He did however receive the meeting papers and provided input to the Chairman in advance of the meeting. 39 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 Governance and directors report CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT CONTINUED Key achievements in 201617 The boards key activities and achievements during the year are summarised below. Topic Linked to remuneration Board discussions and activities Achievements Growth and protection Yes Debated and agreed a new strategy focus and vision for NEX Focused on expanding NEXs addressable market by developing new products and services which will cater for a wider client base Completed the Transaction to combine ICAPs global hybrid voice broking business with TP ICAP creating significant value for NEX shareholders Approved the acquisitions of Abide Financial eMID and ENSO People and culture Yes Undertook a strategic review of the boards composition and skill set Discussed the importance of effective succession planning as a key component of talent management Debated the key principles of a Group reward strategy to ensure NEX remains competitive and continues to recruit retain and motivate the right talent Continued engagement with global cultural initiatives in order decided to retain the overarching principle of measuring 50 of PSP awards on absolute EPS growth and 50 on relative TSR growth but have amended the targets to remove the influence of an inflationary measure on EPS in line with market practice. We have also changed the peer group from a selected basket of companies to the FTSE 250 index. It is our view that nominating a relevant peer group for NEX from publicly traded companies is challenging and the index provides a clear comparator for relative performance. The annual report on remuneration describes the performance versus objectives during 201617 and how this translates into executive director remuneration. This is the second year in which annual bonuses have been determined under the directors remuneration policy approved in 2015. This year the report includes a more detailed disclosure section including financial targets. Completion of the sale of the voice broking business means that the commercial sensitivity that made publication of targets last year imprudent is no longer a restricting factor and in years of normal business activity the committee will publish targets in the disclosure each year going forward. The performance versus the objectives has been strong in 201617 and is representative of business performance overall. Dear shareholders I am pleased to present the remuneration report for 201617 recommending the NEX Group plc remuneration policy for 201718 and explaining how we applied the current policy in 201617. This policy was approved by ICAP plc shareholders in July 2015.