 Distribution is through our national network of 190 branches to installers small and independent builders house builders and nationwide maintenance companies. The branches also sell roofline products to independent wholesalers. The Building Plastics division also includes Security Hardware acquired in February 2017. Security Hardware is a supplier of locks and hardware primarily to the Repair Maintenance and Improvements RMI market. 1 Virgin Resin stabiliser titanium dioxide impact modifier filler. 2 Other raw materials e.g. skin and rubber flex. 3 Tonnages shown are approximate based on 2017 volumes. 4 Repairs Maintenance and Improvements. 4 EUROCELL PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRa TEg IC REPORT Chairmans Statement Investment Case CLEAR STRATEGY Five clear strategic priorities Target growth in market share Expand our branch network Increase the use of recycled materials Develop innovative new products Explore potential bolton acquisitions We made good progress with all our strategic priorities during 2017. See Our Strategy on page 20 VERTICALLY INTEGRATED BUSINESS MODEL Recycling manufacturing and own distribution network We are a leading manufacturer of rigid and foam PVC profiles. Our recycling operation helps to lower material costs and improve production stability. Our branches are conveniently located offering a wide range of products and providing excellent service to local customers and nationwide groups alike. See Our Business Model on page 12 SUSTAINABLE OPERATION Inhouse closed loop recycling facility We recycle both customer factory offcuts postindustrial waste and REPORT Chief Executives Review continued Develop innovative new products We are committed to maintaining market leadership by offering the very latest in product improvement both through development of existing products and the introduction of new ones. Some of the products launched during 2017 include InSite window solution A window solution which includes a special hinge for offsite construction applications which allows timber frame and modular home manufacturers to install fully glazed windows into wall panels in the factory production process. StudioGlide bifold door A new alluminium bifold door with improved opening and closing mechanism which complements our existing product designs and is now in production with several of our trade frame fabricators. SlateSkin A new sheet tile roof system designed to save installation time when fitted in conjunction with our Equinox products. Modus and Skypod continued improvement Range extension for these excellent products. 11 CORPORa TE gO v ERNaNCE FINaNCI aL STa TEm ENTS OvER vIE w STRa TEg IC REPORT Explore potential bolton acquisitions In February 2017 we completed the acquisition of Security Hardware a supplier of locks and hardware primarily to the RMI market. Annual sales at acquisition were approximately 3 million. The integration of Security Hardware is now substantially complete. The extensive product range over 3000 stock keeping units SKUs covering the major hardware brands and an own label offering Schlosser Technik is now available through our branch network supporting our objective to be a onestop shop for anything window related for our customers. This also allows are in line with our expectations. In summary we believe that our proven strategy and capabilities will enable Eurocell to deliver value to our customers and Shareholders throughout 2018 and beyond. Mark Kelly Chief Executive Officer 8 March 2018 12 EUROCELL PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRa TEg IC REPORT Our Business Model WHAT WE DO HOW WE CREATE VALUE Vertically integrated model The coordination of our procurement manufacturing and distribution processes enables us to capture margin throughout all stages of our value chain. Our recycling activities help lower material costs and improve production stability. Local footprint Our branches are conveniently located and have readily available inventory thereby providing excellent service to local customers and national groups alike. We also strive to help our customers through the provision of technical business development and marketing support services. Scale We operate wellinvested and modern extrusion facilities with spare manufacturing capacity that can be exploited with little incremental cost. We are the UKs largest window recycling operator. Our extensive branch network is a driver of sales growth and market share. It also helps improve manufacturing efficiency with pullthrough demand driving higher factory utilisation. Innovative products We are committed to a strategy of continually developing new and existing products. We support the use of Building Information Modelling BIM software giving architects and contractors access to a library of Eurocell products making it easier to specify them. Brand We have a strong brand image and our marketing activities seek to maximise our brand awareness every effort will be made to ensure that their employment with us continues and that appropriate support is available. We respect individuals and their rights in the workplace and with this in mind specific policies are in place to prevent or where issues are raised address harassment and bullying. Our whistleblowing policy operates to give visibility to issues that might not otherwise be uncovered or resolved through normal channels. We recently introduced a whistleblowing hotline with an associated employee awareness campaign and elearning modules. Our colleagues come from wide and diverse backgrounds nationalities and ethnic and religious groups and we respect and embrace cultural differences wherever we operate. We recognise the benefits of encouraging diversity across the business and believe that this will contribute to our continued success. All appointments are made based on merit and are measured against specific objective criteria including the skills and experience needed for the position. We remain committed to increasing the participation of women throughout the Group including at Board level within the steering group and senior management. Gender diversity Male no. Female no. Total average no. Directors 6 100 0 0 6 Executive Committee 6 86 1 14 7 Senior managers 15 79 4 21 19 Other employees 1297 89 167 11 1464 Total 1324 88 172 12 1496 Training and development We continue to invest in the training and development of our staff and support them in the delivery of our Groupwide and individual objectives.