 Good cash conversion Our businesses are capital efficient focusing on the areas where we have marketleading expertise and competitive advantage such as RD and outsourcing component and subassembly production. This results in good cash conversion. How we generate value Resources and relationships Continuous innovation Strong intellectual property and continuous innovation are underpinned by sustained investment of around 7 of sales each year in RD. In addition we make both bolton and platform acquisitions to access new or complementary technology and markets with a focus on software and services. Customer relationships We build longterm relationships with our customers and seek to develop a deep understanding of their business and processes. Employee expertise Our people play an essential role in delivering our strategy particularly in the development of new products software and services and building relationships with customers. Many of our employees are highlyqualified engineers and technicians with deep product and application expertise. Supplier partnerships Supply chain management is an important tool in enabling us to deliver high quality at a competitive cost whilst ensuring compliance with international standards and regulations. We believe that suppliers should have the opportunity to benefit from their relationship with us. In practice this means working together to minimise and manage business risk and improve business practices through education training and the sharing of good practice. Read This will be supported by our new central HR function with its talent management and organisational capability programme. Across the Group delivery of our strategy has meant more collaboration between our operating companies. Automotive is a key endmarket focus and here we have strengthened our key account management approach and provided a more collaborative offering. This is based on our expertise in four key areas durability propulsion safety and refinement in order to crosssell our products software and services from Brel Kjr Sound Vibration HBM and Millbrook. At Malvern Panalytical which we merged at the start of the year there is now one management team and a combined sales and marketing team. Their collaboration has led to numerous crossselling opportunities and together with a more valuebased approach to providing customer solutions the combined business has made good progress during the year. We have also been reviewing our digitalled customer applications with the potential for more crossgroup solutions by leveraging existing operating company technologies competencies and endmarket expertise to more broadly serve our customers needs. New product development and our combination of hardware and software are focused on simplifying the integration of customergenerated data with remote data analytics services and in January 2018 we launched Spectris Advance to showcase this digital offering to customers. We decided to divest our machine vision technology business Microscan as we believe its next stage of development can be better fulfilled under new ownership. The Group completed the sale to Omron Corporation in October resulting in growing our services business to enable customers to demonstrate compliance. UNDERSTANDING our markets Market Review We serve a broad spectrum of bluechip customers across key manufacturing industries around the world. Whilst our principal aim is to enhance our customers productivity we are seeing a number of specific demand drivers and growth themes across these industries which are summarised below. Biopharmaceuticals Biopharmaceuticals are the fastestgrowing part of the pharma industry as companies invest in new therapies that allow previously untreatable conditions to be addressed offering higher efficacy and fewer side effects. This growth is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Many large pharmaceutical companies are shifting their presence to biopharma whilst endeavouring to maintain competitiveness through affordability quality and delivery performance. In generics India and China have seen substantial growth as household disposable income increases and there is now a drive to improve quality and standards in these regions. Generally the industry is under increasing pressure to ensure therapies are delivered rapidly yet safely. Regulation is increasing with manufacturers required to demonstrate compliance with for example the US Food and Drug Administration and show that their production processes and data collection systems meet Good Manufacturing Practice standards. We see increasing opportunities for our analysis systems for product purity and stability as well as quality control systems to enable manufacturers to meet regulatory requirements and mitigate risks early on in development accelerating time to market and minimising costs. Energy Global commodity markets have seen a wide swing in prices over the trend towards IIoT driven by the need for smarter more interconnected operations is benefiting our industrial automation and networking business as organisations seek easytouse solutions to connect and expand the capabilities of legacy equipment within existing facilities. To better service this need Red Lion reorganised its sales teams to focus on opportunities in certain key vertical markets. For example in Asia a targeted focus in energy and water resulted in sales to a large wind turbine manufacturer and a number of water projects in China. In India Red Lion won a project to enable Azure Power to efficiently analyse previously installed solar power systems for energy consumption. During the year Red Lion launched a new generation of human machine interface products HMIs which provide enhanced functionality for remote monitoring and control. These HMIs allow customers to interconnect devices from a variety of leading manufacturers more easily. New additions of Red Lions industrial Ethernet switches were also launched. The new models are designed for industrial transportation and intelligent traffic applications requiring high reliability and the ability to function in extreme environmental conditions to help maximise network uptime and prevent lost production downtime or a safety risk. In October the Group completed the sale of the Microscan Systems Inc. business Microscan to Omron Corporation resulting in posttax cash proceeds of 91.9 million. Microscan is a global provider of worldclass machine vision technology and solutions for critical identification inspection and verification applications.