4 interest rate on annual net debt. 17m of cost savings per annum targeted across the Group by 2019 Minimising disruption and inconvenience for our communities means that we also minimise the cost to the business Energy efficiency the use of solar photovoltaics to power our facilities and other energy saving initiatives help us to reduce our own demand for electricity from the grid whilst maximising the energy generated from our core operations Responsible sourcing value for money secured through robust procurement practices and sustainable supply chains. Risks that could impact our ability to deliver efficiencies include Operational failures that result in rectification costs Changes in law or regulation that require additional expenditure to fund implementation and ongoing compliance An increase in customer bad debt resulting in additional debt collection costs Failure to recruit and retain people with the right skills mindset and motivation to share best practice deliver synergies and move the Group forward in the new shared services structure. 3 Driving sustainable growth Continue to grow the ERF business including the successful completion of construction projects at Glasgow South London Dunbar and Avonmouth ERFs Exploit the introduction of competition in the nonhousehold retail market by building scale and efficiency through Pennons water retail business Pennon Water Services Identify and consider opportunities for further growth. 385 million invested in key infrastructure during the year Four ERFs now under construction New retail venture for business customers between Pennon Water Services South Staffs and Cambridge Water combined revenue of c.170 million and entering the market with the fourth largest customer base Well positioned for regulatory and market developments ongoing engagement with Ofwat reforms and prepared for the 2019 price review. Group assets as at 31 March bn 4.8 5.0 5.4 5.7 5.9 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 3.5 Customer service and engagement increased focus to improve the customer experience and help expand our customer base whilst retaining existing customers High standards of business conduct ensure that our people are incentivised appropriately and exhibit the right behaviours to enable us to achieve longterm and sustainable growth. Our ability to deliver sustainable growth could be impacted by Unfavourable economic conditions Local authority austerity Poor customer service Loss of market share as a result of regulatory reform and increased competition Difficulties in recruiting retaining and developing people with the necessary commercial acumen to help our businesses grow and prosper. Strategic priorities linked to annual bonus targets see pages 90 91 Pennon Group plc Annual Report 2017 16 Longterm priorities Nearterm objectives Progress in 201617 KPIs Sustainability drivers Risks and uncertainties Colliford Reservoir Cornwall 1 Leadership in UK water and waste Develop and fully maximise value from our infrastructure business through longterm predictable assetbacked indexlinked revenues Build on the strong track record of our water business by delivering and outperforming the K6 regulatory contract 20152020 Optimise our portfolio of Energy Recovery Facilities ERFs to ensure a high level of performance minimise the cost to the business Energy efficiency the use of solar photovoltaics to power our facilities and other energy saving initiatives help us to reduce our own demand for electricity from the grid whilst maximising the energy generated from our core operations Responsible sourcing value for money secured through robust procurement practices and sustainable supply chains. Risks that could impact our ability to deliver efficiencies include Operational failures that result in rectification costs Changes in law or regulation that require additional expenditure to fund implementation and ongoing compliance An increase in customer bad debt resulting in additional debt collection costs Failure to recruit and retain people with the right skills mindset and motivation to share best practice deliver synergies and move the Group forward in the new shared services structure. 3 Driving sustainable growth Continue to grow the ERF business including the successful completion of construction projects at Glasgow South London Dunbar and Avonmouth ERFs Exploit the introduction of competition in the nonhousehold retail market by building scale and efficiency through Pennons water retail business Pennon Water Services Identify and consider opportunities for further growth. 385 million invested in key infrastructure during the year Four ERFs now under construction New retail venture for business customers between Pennon Water Services South Staffs and Cambridge Water combined revenue of c.170 million and entering the market with the fourth largest customer base Well positioned for regulatory and market developments ongoing engagement with Ofwat reforms and prepared for the 2019 price review. Group elements is underway with over 5km of water pipeline and effluent pipes already installed. Advanced techniques have been used to limit the impact on the surrounding area including micro tunnelling under a major road into Plymouth. In addition investment has been targeted to improve wastewater compliance with process upgrades and improvements at six sites. Viridors capital investment of 193.8 million was ahead of 201516 182.8 million. The majority of expenditure this year reflects the ongoing ERF programme with significant expenditure at South London Dunbar and Glasgow ERFs. The infrastructure at Dunbar is nearing completion with a significant element of the process plant having been delivered to site prior to installation. The plant is expected to be operational in H2 201718. Construction at Beddington is progressing to plan with access routes to the site being improved and the core infrastructure under construction. Operations are expected to commence in H1 201819. Glasgows Recycling and Renewable Energy Centre is receiving waste and generating energy. New construction contracts with Doosan Babcock are progressing well with commissioning expected in 2017. The major categories of expenditure were 2 3 4 1 5 6 1 ERF 158m 2 W a t er 91m 3 Wastewater 100m 4 Recycling 3m 5 Landfill energy 12m 6 Other 21m Cash flow The Groups operational cash inflows in 201617 at 456 million were 38 million higher than last year 201516 418 million.