 14 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Chief Executives review continued Our strategy in action iMOTR a new product designed to improve radar accuracy In August our Intelligence Security business launched a new product iMOTR. This innovative mobile multipleobject tracking radar uses commercial offtheshelf solutions to provide military test and evaluation ranges with a higher degree of accuracy in tracking the time space and position information for several objects in flight compared with current radars. The iMOTR solution developed over two years with Groupfunded research and development expenditure features enhanced capabilities that offer more precise flight path tracking for objects travelling close to the ground and allow tracking information to be shared in real time with other radars or data collection sensors. These added capabilities will allow our customers to assess larger more complex scenarios that are critical to developing the next generation of solutions to address national security threats. Group strategic framework 18 More online baesystems.com The Typhoon aircrafts progression towards the Royal Air Force Centurion standard will enable transition of capability from Tornado to Typhoon as the UK Tornado fleet is scheduled to come out of service at the end of the decade. UKbased production of rear fuselage assemblies for the F35 Lightning II aircraft increased to 82 in the year with most of the advanced manufacturing investment in place to achieve the planned increase in production volumes. In readiness Engineering and Mathematics STEM skills shortages and to accelerate diversity within our leadership. For example we have partnered with Cranfield University to provide the UKs firstever Masterslevel postgraduate engineering apprenticeship scheme with 76 BAE Systems engineers starting the programme in January 2018. Training and development We want every employee to reach their full potential and feel rewarded for what they do. We support this through our comprehensive career frameworks development programmes and the breadth of our operations. Continual improvement of competence and skills transfer helps us to continue to develop worldleading technologies that give our customers a critical advantage. Our focus on professional development throughout our employees careers supports their personal and professional growth and ensures that we have the skills to meet our customers current and future requirements. 1. At 1 January 2018. At 31 December 2017 the Board comprised seven male 70 and three female 30 directors. 2. Senior managers are defined as employees excluding executive directors who have responsibility for planning directing or controlling the activities of the Group or a strategically significant part of the Group andor who are directors of subsidiary companies. 3. Excludes executive directors. 4. Excluding share of equity accounted investments and rounded to the nearest thousand employees. 5. See summary of Deloitte LLP assurance on page 65. Board 1 Senior managers 23 Total employees 45 14 86 21 79 36 64 4 7 Female Male 50 300 16000 60000 Gender diversity Age diversity 45 24 years and younger 5000 2534 years 15000 engine controls flight deck systems cabin management systems and mission computers. Power Propulsion Solutions delivers electric propulsion and power management performance with innovative products and solutions that advance vehicle mobility efficiency and capability in the transit military marine and rail markets. Electronic Systems comprises the US and UKbased electronics activities including electronic warfare systems electrooptical sensors military and commercial digital engine and flight controls precision guidance and seeker solutions nextgeneration military communications systems and data links persistent surveillance capabilities and hybrid electric drive systems. Segmental review 36 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Electronic Systems Operational and strategic highlights Orders worth over 450m 333m received for F35 Lightning II hardware production and support Invested more than 100m 74m in our Ramp to Rate initiative to prepare the business for future Electronic Warfare growth Received a 311m 230m contract to provide the Digital Electronic Warfare System DEWS to support the sale of new aircraft to an international customer Growing demand for APKWS laserguided rockets with awards totalling approximately 300m 222m during the year LiteHUD HeadUp Display selected by critical launch customers with first flights in 2017 The FADEC Alliance joint venture transitioned to FullRate Production of the full authority digital engine control for the LEAP commercial aircraft engine Major milestone achieved with the delivery of our 8000th hybridelectric system Financial performance measures as defined by the Group 2017 2016 Sales KPI 3635m 3282m Underlying EBITA KPI 562m 494m Return on sales 15.5 15.1 Operating business cash flow KPI 450m 469m Order intake the principles contained within our Code of Conduct for employees. Employee wellbeing We promote wellbeing through a wide variety of programmes ranging from exercise and fitness promotion to occupational health checks. We know that good mental and physical health contributes to better decision making greater productivity and higher levels of employee satisfaction. We run campaigns to encourage employees to take responsibility for their health problems such as heart disease diabetes and cancer. Our Employee Assistance Programme is a confidential service available to employees and includes support and advice on personal matters. Safety Our business is highly complex and our employees are exposed to many risks. These range from slips trips and falls in an office environment confined space working and machinery hazards within manufacturing to fire and explosion risks associated with the manufacture and storage of munitions. Many of our employees operate heavy equipment work at height or do physically demanding work in highrisk environments. In order to ensure consistency all businesses are required to comply with our Health and Safety Policy which outlines and prescribes the responsibilities and arrangements in place for ensuring safety. It is the responsibility of individual business leaders to ensure that their organisations comply with the policy. We aim to mitigate or manage safety risks by finding new ways to enhance safety standards increase awareness and continually drive a strong safety culture.