 Similarly our paycollect service where customers can access a wider range of products than is typically available in their local store for either home delivery or later collection from the store is also increasingly popular. Over the course of the year we have greatly extended this option enabling customers to collect smaller electrical products in over 500 Carphone Warehouse stores providing a more convenient collection point in high streets across the country. Innovation brings new products with improved functionality that drives sales growth. These include 4K Ultra High Definition UHD and smart TVs wearable technology connected products for the home such as heating and lighting and the latest smartphones. Content such as social media apps camera picture quality digital media and 11 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Strategic Report cloud storage also help to drive hardware innovation and replacement. The economic backdrop determines whether customers trade up or down. The consumer electricals market tends to grow at a rate that is at or exceeding the economy during years of economic growth. The effects of an economic downturn may be mitigated by innovation. The mobile market is less cyclical and mobile phones are considered an essential part of modern life. The rapid innovation cycle may lead to price deflation but also drives volumes as products become more affordable and replacement cycles accelerate. For larger ticket items the low frequency of purchases level by the IR PR and Corporate Affairs Director where the Strategy is reviewed annually with specific issues and activity discussed whenever necessary throughout the year. People Our people make us who we are and as a business we are passionate about attracting recruiting and retaining the best talent to help drive our growth and keep us at the forefront of innovation and outstanding customer experience. In 2016 we launched our Graduate Scheme which saw 15 university leavers given the opportunity to establish their careers with bespoke training onthejob experience and management coaching. The scheme continues in 2017 with an increased intake of 19 graduates. Our Apprentice scheme also goes from strength to strength. This year we recruited 135 new apprentices through learning providers colleges and social media. Working across different roles brands and functions our apprentices are providing us with a pipeline of talent and demonstrating improved rates of retention engagement and performance. Apprenticeships 201415 201516 201617 201718 75 75 135 Est. 200 Investing in colleague expertise As part of our learning strategy formal and informal training and management coaching is available to all employees to help them grow their careers. Training is in line with our business strategy and designed to create reliable experts our customers can trust. All new colleagues follow a 90day induction plan and every employee has regular one to one meetings with their managers as well as twice yearly formal performance reviews where future development and career plans are considered. In 201617 we recorded our sponsorship was positive. For 2017 we have donated 100 places to Heads Together providing the opportunity for people affected by mental health issues to benefit from the positive aspects of participating in an endurance challenge. We are also working with our suppliers to further enhance the event experience through free demonstrations of wellness related tech and household healthrelated electrical items along the route. Average to Awesome 2016 This UK wellbeing initiative focused on transforming employees attitude to health and fitness as they prepared for the Dixons Carphone Race to the Stones. Thirteen sedentary employee volunteers were given the support of a personal trainer nutrition plan and Fitbit accessories. After 12 weeks we recorded their combined weight loss at 104 kg. The team all completed the 100km event and developed a strong bond. They continue positive changes to their lifestyle habits and there is evidence of wider health benefits to families and coworkers. An Employee Assistance Programme operates 247 offering support for a range of issues such as stress smoking cessation and debt management. We participated in Mercers 2016 Britains Healthiest Workplace with approximately 500 UK employees responding to this comprehensive companywide online survey. The results provided a benchmark for improvement for our 201718 workplace mental wellbeing strategy and helped us to identify further actions to protect employee welfare and improve our ranking. Mental health management training has been introduced for HR Business Partners and all colleagues receive regular updates and information on health resilience and wellbeing. In addition ergonomics charitable support During 201617 employees donated 35281 through Give As You Earn benefiting 78 local and national causes. Colleagues also raised thousands of pounds for good causes via a variety of fundraising events and activities which the business supports through matchfunding up to 100 or 300 for teams fundraising for the same event. Outside the UK Elkjp and Lefdal continued to support the Red Cross Water for Life Vann for Livet project raising 780000 NKR 71968. In Denmark 65000 DKK 8400 raised during a Christmas Foundation was donated to local organisations chosen by employees. 32 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Corporate Responsibility Strategic Report Environment We are fully committed to meeting our environmental responsibilities and limiting the impact of our operations in a way that is both practically and economically feasible. Our environmental policy endorsed by the Board covers material issues including energy consumption carbon emissions supply chain and operational waste. We conduct activities to address each of these areas and our progress this year is presented below. We have established a formalised enterprise risk management process that operates at business unit and Group level and includes climate change as a risk category. At asset store level climate change risks are identified as part of business contingency continuity processes with the identified risks mainly relating to extreme weather events.