 Organisationally companies are addressing productivity challenges in a variety of ways. These include focusing on a defined set of therapeutic areas and exiting those where success has been poor restructuring RD organisations to create clearer accountabilities and smaller more entrepreneurial units revamping decision making and governance so that unsuccessful compounds are identified early before significant costs have been incurred reducing costs and improving process efficiency using Lean business improvement tools such as Six Sigma and outsourcing a collaborationcentric business model that includes academic collaborations and codevelopment agreements that provide for the sharing of development risks and costs with third parties looking externally for high quality science technologies targets drug candidates andor entire drug pipelines. Regulatory requirements Our industry continues to be one of the most heavily regulated. This reflects public interest in ensuring access to safe effective and high quality medicines that are responsibly promoted. Given the nature and geographic scope of our business we maintain important relationships with health authorities worldwide including the FDA in the US the EMA in the EU the Japan Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency and the SFDA in China. Estimated pharmaceutical market growth 20102015 1.5 2.2 5.3 15.3 7.9 7.4 12.2 3.9 12.2 3.3 15.3 Key Estimated sales 2015 Estimated growth 20102015 compound annual growth rate North America Sales 357.4bn Growth the biggest selling drugs the industry has ever produced face patent expiry. As a consequence payers physicians and patients in Established Markets will have low price generic alternatives in many important classes of primary care drugs. For example in the US generics constitute 80 of the market by volume today and are expected to be the single largest driver of value growth up to 2015. Patents only protect pharmaceutical products for a finite period and the expiry or early loss of patents may lead to the availability of generics. Generic versions of drugs are very competitive with significantly lower pricing than the innovator equivalents. This is partly due to lower investment by generic manufacturers in RD and market development which generic manufacturers do not need to recover. While generic competition has traditionally occurred when patents expire it can also occur where the validity of patents is disputed or successfully challenged before expiry. Such early challenges by generics have increased with generic companies increasingly willing to launch products at risk for example prior to resolution of the relevant patent litigation. This trend is likely to continue resulting in significant market presence for the generic version during the period in which litigation remains unresolved even though the courts may subsequently rule that the innovative product is properly protected by a valid patent. The unpredictable nature of patent litigation has led innovators to seek to settle such challenges on terms acceptable to both innovator and generic manufacturer. However some competition authorities have sought together industry researchers and academia in an alliance to study chronic inflammatory diseases. AZD4694 a late stage radiopharmaceutical imaging candidate outlicensed to Neoprobe Corporation. AZD4694 is a fluorine18 labelled radiotracer discovered by AstraZeneca to support development of potential treatments for Alzheimers disease. Our biologics capabilities signed its first oncology research agreement in China with the Shanghai Chest Hospital. The goal of this collaboration is to build a database of small and nonsmall cell lung cancer cases. We continue to search actively for opportunities to advance science and public health through research collaborations and partnerships. This is demonstrated by our ongoing efforts with organisations such as the European Innovative Medicines Initiative IMI aimed at improving tools technologies methodologies and knowledge management and additional collaborations with the UK MRC and the World Intellectual Property Organisation WIPO. We have made a significant commitment to the field of neglected tropical diseases NTDs RD via our founder membership of WIPOs WIPO ReSearch consortium. This consortium promotes the formation of research partnerships aimed at driving the identification of solutions to NTDs which are less commercially attractive disease targets but have particularly severe effects in the worlds least developed countries. Our commitment to WIPO ReSearch includes the promise to contribute a range of resources technology and IP. Pipeline delivery Milestone Product 2011 Achievement Key pipeline progressions CAZ AVI Initiation of Phase III programme for CAZ AVI a combination of ceftazidime and avibactam formerly known as CAZ104 for the treatment of complicated intra abdominal and complicated urinary tract licence from AstraZeneca of the Teva generic budesonide inhaled suspension product in December 2009. Sales of Pulmicort outside the US were up 10 to 567 million. 1 Decision Resources 2011. AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2011 Business Review Therapy Area Review Respiratory Inflammation 75 healthinnovation Reducing the number of heartrelated deaths Germany is proud of its healthcare system yet still has high mortality rates for coronary heart disease. Herzbewusst heart conscious is a programme designed to help people help themselves in preventing acute coronary syndromes and for the first time in Germany has included a variety of stakeholders from the outset. In 2004 150 out of every 100000 German male coronary patients died whereas in the Netherlands it was less than 100. One in eight of those who survive a heart attack in Germany dies within a year. Combating this requires better education encouraging people to make healthier lifestyle choices such as improving diet taking more exercise and quitting smoking this can help not only prevent the first heart attack but also safeguard patients lives after the event. We developed the Herzbewusst programme in conjunction with the German Federation of Cardiologists in Private Practice and in cooperation with public and private health insurance funds. In addition to physicians and healthcare practitioners the campaign launched in October 2010 is aimed at the public.