 A trusted strategic outsource partner to the global healthcare industry delivering turnkey solutions and support for our customers through all stages of the product life cycle. The Industrial business operates across a wide range of markets and geographies. It manufactures and delivers an extensive portfolio of adhesive bonding solutions and applications to a global customer base. REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY Europe Asia North America HEALTHCARE INDUSTRIAL Turn to page 20 Turn to page 24 REVENUE 108.7m 2016 93.3m REVENUE 170.9m 2016 153.4m 2 SECTION TITLE PAGE REF 2 STRATEGIC REPORT TRADING PROFIT 16.6m 2016 14.0m MARGIN 15.3 2016 15.0 TRADING PROFIT 17.8m 2016 10.7m MARGIN 10.4 2016 7.0 GLOBAL LOCATIONS HIGHLIGHTS EuroMed now fully integrated and contributing well to H2 performance Threeyear agreements signed with major customers in Consumer Wellness and Medical Devices Increased sales of turnkey products contributing to margin improvement New products launched for acne treatment insulin delivery system and wound care Positive outlook for FY18 with good sales pipeline HIGHLIGHTS Doubledigit margins achieved focus now to increase margins further to industry average midteens Rorschach closure executed well and 1m of benefits delivered in H2 as promised Good progress on operational efficiency and supply chain costs Growth in sales in key segments good results for innovative products specified into Auto and Cable customers and improvement in the construction section where we exceeded GDP growth MARKET SNAPSHOT are approved at Board level Committed facility providing sufficient headroom and capability Daytoday currency exposure is largely naturally hedged. The Company may consider hedging instruments for specific transactions as they arise Risk remains the same Risk increases Risk decreases New risk STRATEGIC REPORT 14 SECTION TITLE PAGE REF SCAPA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 15 14 STRATEGIC REPORT PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CONTINUED RISK ACCOUNTABLE EXECUTIVE KEY CONTROLS AND MITIGATING FACTORS RISK MOVEMENT FINANCIAL CONTINUED Pensions Liabilities increase due to increasing life expectancy inflation and poor performance in investments compounded by fluctuations in the discount rate Impact The pension liabilities and associated cash requirements have a material adverse impact on the Groups cash flows Graham Hardcastle Group Finance Director No final salary pension schemes are open at the Group The UK scheme has been closed to new members and future accruals since 2007 Active and ongoing liability management programme including longterm funding agreements All asset investments are under the management of trusted professional fund managers The asset portfolio is diverse and spreads risk and return across multiple investment types and across various global territories Pensions risk assessment completed by independent experts MARKET Customers Overreliance on specific customers or markets Impact Places pressures on pricing margins and profitability Heejae Chae Group Chief Executive Diverse range of customers with no specific weight towards one customer Our business strategy including acquisitionsdisposals is tailored to reduce reliance on one particular market and increase customer base Winning new longterm contracts in healthcare helps which led to solid performance across top accounts and an understanding of the highestvalue technologies and regions for future growth. Our Specialty team has leveraged several existing bonding and laminating technologies into new applications with industryleading companies across the aerospace technical packaging white goods and military markets. Our Commercial Products business saw significant growth in the top 20 accounts. The announcement to close our Rorschach Switzerland facility was made in April 2015 with a closure date of November 2016. A 20month transfer programme began for approximately 50 Scapa product groups in which we employed a phased and systematic validation and cutover plan including coating trials regulatory approvals and customer validations. With special consideration to protect customer service we invested in a substantial stock build to support us during this product and equipment transfer period. Throughout this initiative it was imperative that an appropriate employee communications and retention bonus scheme was implemented. The Swiss based team remained highly professional and cooperative right until the closure date with no industrial labour issues or Health and Safety issues reported during the closure period. The vacant Swiss facility is proving to be an attractive opportunity for property developers and investors. Working with our own urban planners and the Rorschach town planning authorities we jointly engaged in a process to maximise the development parameters for density and usage. This enabled us to generate a resilient rezoning and planning timeline. The sale process is ongoing with a number of interested parties. SUCCESS This highly complex global principle of equal opportunity in employment and to ensuring that no applicant or employee receives less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender marital status age race colour nationality ethnic or national origin religion disability sexuality or unrelated criminal convictions. Scapa applies employment policies which are believed to be fair and equitable and which ensure that entry into and progression within the Company is determined solely by application of job criteria and personal ability and competency. Scapa aims to give full and fair consideration to the possibility of employing disabled persons wherever suitable opportunities exist. Employees who become disabled are given every opportunity and assistance to continue in their positions or be trained for other suitable positions. Scapa recognises the importance of good communication with employees and acknowledges that there should be clear channels of communication and opportunities for consultation and dialogue on issues which affect both business performance and employees working lives. As a global business the mechanisms for achieving this aim vary between different countries and between different businesses within the Group but include inhouse newsletters bulletins and briefing sessions. Scapa has a combination of unionised and nonunionised operations across the world and is committed to fostering positive employee relations at all of its locations. Training and links with the educational sector reinforce Scapas commitment to employee involvement and development. The 2012 Sharesave fiveyear share option scheme matured on 1 March 2017 and is now closed.