 The addition of this new capacity which increases available capacity from 14GHz to 17GHz means the utilisation metric has been rebased. The amended fleet utilisation is in the 3035 band June 2016 rebased 2530 band. The tactical 4 GHz HYLAS 3 is a hosted payload flying on board a European Space Agency ESA satellite for which the ESA is presently declaring a late2018 launch which could slip further. We are disappointed in the performance of the manufacturer of this system and are considering all options. The construction of Avantis key 28GHz HYLAS 4 satellite is at an advanced stage but has experienced some delays in the factory. The spacecraft is now expected to be delivered in January 2018 with a launch in March 2018. HYLAS 4 will complete Avantis coverage of EMEA. This will materially enhance the Groups revenue generation potential largely within the existing fixed cost base. The efficient procurement of HYLAS 4 will bring the overall fleet cost per MHz down significantly mitigating some of the effects of falling global prices for satellite bandwidth. In November 2017 we successfully reorbited Artemis. Working Capital The Company had to make a significant provision against a government receivable at the end of the year. Avanti had contracted with the Government of Indonesia GoI to lease capacity on its Artemis satellite to support GoIs need to bring into they can provide superior economics to customers or where other forms of communication are not available. Avanti operates in the fixed data communications part of the satellite market. Avanti has pioneered the use of Kaband technology which enables us to service this market at a lower cost than legacy operators. In turn this vastly increases the addressable market for satellite data communications particularly in the high growth geographies where Avantis capacity is focused but also closer to home where Avanti can offer universal superfast broadband across Europe. In these areas dispersed populations and huge land areas make terrestrial communications uneconomic to deploy. For example Africa has the same land mass as Europe USA China and India combined yet a population the same as just India alone. As a result of this low population density fibre will not be deployed in European equivalent scale in the local loop during the lifetime of our satellites and so Africa is moving directly to wireless. In wireless technology Kaband HTS satellite is the best way to deliver high capacity low cost data services. We estimate that the addressable market for our HTS services across the EMEA region defined as users who both need satellite connectivity and have the ability to pay for it is over 1000 Gbps. Avantis HYLAS satellite fleet will provide up to 200 Gbps of data throughput. According to Cisco Africa and Middle East is the fastest growing mobile data market in the World increasing 12fold over the 5 years to long term value to the business. Avanti seeks to lease and sell spectrum rights to third parties where opportunities arise and to commercially exploit its satellite and ground station assets outside of the operation of its own satellites for example through satellite interim missions consultancy projects engineering services satellite control services and ground station operation services. The risks to Avantis business model through technological change are low primarily due to the very long lead times needed to develop and launch new satellite technologies. Our strategy The Group has performed a review of its go to market strategy post year end. Avanti is well positioned in the attractive High Throughput Services market with a strategy to pursue a focussed B2B channel push strategy to become the satellite wholesale partner of choice to its target customers. Avantis strategy is founded on the assumptions that data usage will continue to grow strongly for the foreseeable future that terrestrial infrastructure will not satisfy demand and that high growth markets offer the highest returns. Avantis end user application segments which remain unchanged are Commercial Mobility Enterprise Data including cellular backhaul Government Military Broadband Access Avantis focus is on developing deep relationships with a small number of large key channel partners in the following three distribution channels Satellite Operators Major Mobile Telecom Carriers Major Satellite Resellers Integrators and ISPs STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL REVIEW 8 Avanti Communications Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Outlook During the last 18 months Avanti has taken steps to address the achieve the Groups sustainability objectives. All Avanti employees also have some responsibility for sustainability whether it is in their interactions with service providers or making efficiencies to support our environmental aims. The effectiveness of policies and processes is monitored and reviewed on an ongoing basis and risks or opportunities are assessed and managed. We use targets and metrics to measure our performance and to enhance future performance by learning from our past successes and challenges. Avanti evaluates possible sustainability issues based on their relevance to our current operations and the potential future impact on the business in order to ascertain our priorities. Priorities may change as the business develops and as we receive feedback from our stakeholders and we therefore review these on a regular basis. For areas identified as having a high importance we have either already developed strategies and have controls in place and are reporting on performance or we are developing more detailed strategies within our existing systems to focus on specific aspects. By monitoring our performance in this way we will also get valuable feedback for use in the continual improvement of our policies processes and procedures. Stakeholder engagement is important to Avanti. TalentAvanti people To have a sustainable business Avanti must attract develop and retain talent and manage it across the business.