 These most famously include Thomas Edison the giant of innovation who is not only credited with inventing the first practical incandescent lightbulb the phonograph and the movie camera but who also created the forerunner of todays Electrical Testing Laboratories that continue to provide Assurance to consumers through product performance and safety testing. Indeed when manufacturers apply Interteks ETL Listed Mark to their products the letters ETL carry with them a long history of innovation influence and independence. A PIONEERING CULTURE That spirit of innovation continues today as Intertek people continue to drive the global development of the Quality Assurance industry. And its not just about the innovative capabilities of our people already within the organisation. While our primary focus is on organic growth we are constantly seeking the right acquisition targets that genuinely complement and add to our existing expertise. During 2016 for example we made several strategically important acquisitions and investments. These included ABC Analitic market leader in the provision of environmental water testing and analytical services in Mexico and EWACanada a worldleading cyber security business providing security assurance services for products equipment and networks across multiple industries. In April 2017 we expanded our global profile in automotive testing with the acquisition of KJ Tech a leading provider of vehicle component lubrication and fuel testing services based in Germany. And in December 2017 with increasing demand for security Assurance services resulting from the rapid growth in connected devices Internet export the dealership network customer experience considerations and into the aftermarket. Once again we support the manufacturer at all the same stages with a bespoke range of Assurance services from regulatory compliance assessments and design validation planning at the RD stage through Greenhouse Gas Validation and Verification Failure Analysis during manufacturing and ultimately to Field Performance Data Collection Analysis. We clearly demonstrate our flexibility when it comes to factors like emissions and fuel consumption for this sort of Assurance work does not take place in the laboratory but out on the road in ordinary driving conditions. Our industryagnostic TQA approach provides our clients with global TIC expertise and an Assurance Difference the ATIC Advantage delivered by Intertek TQA Experts. OUR GLOBAL TQA EXPERTS The key to our continuing sales growth is our responsive culture decentralised organisation and global network of stateoftheart laboratories and above all the depth and breadth of our peoples expertise global TQA subjectmatter experts who know how to innovate and solve challenges that nobody has previously been able to overcome. These are some of the Intertek strengths that enable us to live and fulfil our Core Purpose of Bringing Quality and Safety to Life. But they would not be so effective without a clearly defined organisational structure based around an operating model that always puts the customer first. We maximise the potential returns accrued from this infrastructure through multiple further factors including A disciplined and systemic approach to financial performance management Our highly cashgenerative earnings model Our inspection services to governments and regulatory bodies to support trade activities that help the flow of goods across borders predominantly in the Middle East Africa and South America. Our AgriWorld business provides analytical and testing services to global agricultural trading companies and growers. STRATEGY Our Total Quality Assurance value proposition assists our Traderelated customers in protecting the value and quality of their products during their custodytransfer storage and transportation globally 247. Our expertise service innovations and advanced analytical capabilities allow us to optimise the return on our customers cargoes and help them resolve difficult technical challenges. Our independent product assessments provide peace of mind to our government clients that the quality of products imported into the country meet their standards and import processes. Broadbased revenue growth across business lines and geographies. INNOVATION We continue to invest in innovation to deliver a superior customer service in our Traderelated businesses iDocs Customer insight Agriculture export processes are complex and time consuming with multiple stages of approval and documentation. AgriWorld innovation Intertek has developed a cloudbased export documentation system that monitors the export process and provides customers with realtime updates on their documentation progress. Customer benefit Fast and realtime information on the progress of their exports enabling clients to take any action required as quickly as possible. Mercury Decontamination Customer insight Mercury contamination puts physical infrastructure assets such as refineries and pipelines at increased risk of corrosion. AA Industry Services innovation Interteks experts use advanced technology to detect monitor and analyse mercury content accurately value their own stockholdings but also for financial institutions and potential MA partners who demand trustworthy valuation data. WHAT DID INTERTEK DELIVER Now Intertek has developed a new method of measurement based on combining the volumetric profile width height and shape of a stockpile with the compaction force at play. This means the density and therefore weight of a layer of materials depends on how far down the stockpile it is. Over the last three years the new methodology has been proven in Australias chemical agriculture and energy sectors delivering a quantum leap in accuracy performance of up to 0.01 1. As a result of this work organisations in sectors ranging from mining and power generation to fertilisers and even government can benefit from independent scientifically proven expertise in asset evaluations and management. In addition this revolutionised accuracy means that the number of occasions on which measurement is required may decrease potentially enabling customers to buy a premium product at a lower overall cost. STRATEGIC REPORT INTERTEK GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 27 STRATEGY Our Total Quality Assurance value proposition allows us to help customers gain peace of mind that their projects will proceed on time and their assets will continue to operate with a lower risk of technical failure or delay. Our broad range of services allow us to assist clients in protecting the quantity and quality of their mined and drilled products improve safety and reduce commercial risk in the trading environment.