 Our hotels are perfectly located to help them get out there Guy Parsons Chief Executive Officer Ipswich Liverpool Manchester Amsterdam Amsterdam Zaandam Lisbon Barcelona Zurich Frankfurt Brussels City Centre South Arena Boulevard Rotterdam The Hague Berlin BernkastelKues Budapest So a Istanbul Basel Birmingham Heathrow Reading Luton Glasgow Edinburgh Cardi Oxford Leeds She eld Newcastle Belfast Maastricht As of 30 November 2017. Croydon Old Street South Kensington Victoria Earls Court Paddington Iran Sri Lanka Dubai easyHotel has an estate of 26 hotels with 2348 rooms comprising 20 franchised hotels 1750 rooms and six owned hotels 598 rooms. By early 2019 13 additional hotels five owned eight franchised will open. Revenue by property type Current portfolio London Pipeline Owned 6.6m Franchised 1.8m Revenue by geography UK 7.2m EU 1.1m ROW 0.1m 26 hotels 2348 rooms 8 countries 17 cities 18 2719 20 5 Key Owned open Owned development Franchised open Franchised development 2 easyHotel plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Strategic report easyHotel at a glance Growing our pipeline I am delighted to report that easyHotel has made great progress in implementing its strategy for growth. Strong trading across both the existing estate and the Groups newly opened hotels has delivered increases not only in total systems sales but likeforlike revenues as well. Strategy We continue to target carefully selected locations to build our portfolio of owned and franchised hotels adopting a methodical approach to the assessment of individual pipeline opportunities and applying strict investment return criteria. In addition a number of initiatives have been progressed during the year to optimise the value of existing assets including investments to improve our revenue management systems and processes and our customers online booking experience. The equity capital and bank debt we raised last year have enabled us to commit to a strong pipeline of new sites. Following recent acquisitions those funds are now substantially committed. Further refinements to our hotel development processes and design standards will deliver a lower risk higher performing model for new projects. During the year two new owned hotels have been opened in Birmingham and Manchester and both are trading strongly. Since the year end our new owned hotel in Liverpool was opened on 1 November 2017 and further projects are in progress in Newcastle Barcelona Leeds Sheffield Ipswich Oxford and Cardiff. This significant increase in our owned estate together with new franchised hotels opened in Brussels Amsterdam Arena and Amsterdam Zaandam and with others on the way is providing an ever more solid foundation for our strengthening brand. The benefit of our new look room design is evidenced by the abovebudget performance we are seeing from our newly launched hotels which continue to exceed our own expectations. A programme to refresh two of three legacy owned assets Croydon and Glasgow will be completed within the coming months and we expect to see a similar positive impact on the revenues of those hotels. In addition we have plans to upgrade our London Old Street 92room hotel and subject to planning consent exploit the value of the remainder of the building through development of office accommodation. Dividend An interim dividend of 0.1 1p per ordinary share was paid on 30 June 2017. The Board is now pleased to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of 0.22p per share on the basis of our enlarged share capital. Subject to shareholder approval at our forthcoming AGM this dividend will be paid on 15 February 2018 to shareholders on the register on 19 January 2018. Board and management team The Board would like to thank everyone in easyHotels team for their part in delivering another successful year for the business. In particular the Company has benefited from continuity within our skilled executive team. Chief Executive Officer Guy Parsons and Chief Financial Officer Marc Vieilledent bring a wealth of sector experience hard work and commitment that enable us to make considerable progress. We are very fortunate to have Scott Christies wise and pragmatic contribution as NonExecutive Director and Chairman of our Audit and Remuneration Committees. Outlook Whilst the wider macroeconomic uncertainty continues to impact consumer confidence we believe easyHotel is well positioned. The refinements that have been introduced to the business over the course of the last year are further strengthening our brand and ensuring that the easyHotel offering is one that can support delivery of the Boards ambitious longterm strategy for growth. Jonathan Lane OBE NonExecutive Chairman 5 December 2017 Summary Trading slightly ahead of experienced team we now have in place continued high levels of staff engagement and improving customer satisfaction we are in an excellent position to expand the easyHotel brand and deliver improving returns for our shareholders. Trading review Total system sales grew by 39.2 to 29.7m with Company revenues increasing by 39.7 to 8.4m. This was achieved through likeforlike owned and franchised hotel sales growth of 9.8 as well as the opening of new owned hotels in Birmingham and Manchester and franchised hotels in Brussels Amsterdam Arena and Amsterdam Zaandam. Occupancy for all owned and franchised hotels was 79.7 2016 76.2. The five hotels opened in the new brand style have all traded very strongly since opening with a combined occupancy in excess of 85. We will continue to monitor their progress closely and the impact on the time taken for new hotels to reach maturity in future. Our strong sales performance led to a 48.3 increase in adjusted EBITDA to 2.30m 2016 1.55m. Owned hotels Our owned hotels continued to win market share with revenue growing by 13.7 on a likeforlike basis. The new booking engine and revenue management system rollout together with selling an allocation of rooms via selected online travel agencies OTAs resulted in our owned hotels significantly outperforming their competitive set as measured by STR throughout the year.