 The number of transactions and sales conducted in remote channels continue to grow rapidly as do internet and mobile banking penetration levels. We also launched the first Georgian speaking chatbotTi Bot which allows customers to conduct simple banking transactions via Facebook Messenger. It also provides useful information about our products as well as entertainment events and weather forecasts. The chatbot has been well received by our customers and has become a highly popular channel attracting more than 124000 users since its launch in March 2017. Our strong operating performance during 2017 translated into robust financial results. For 2017 TBC Bank recorded an underlying net profit of GEL 369.2 million up 35.1 yearonyear. In addition our underlying return on equity and return on assets stood at a respective 21.4 and 3.2. In terms of our loan book our loan portfolio grew by 16.2 yearonyear leading to a market share of 38.2 3. Operating environment 2017 was another remarkable year in Georgias continued development. The countrys citizens were granted visafree access to the Schengen zone which is a significant advancement and will support our deeper integration with the EU countries. Visa liberalisation would also have a positive impact on tourism leading to increased awareness about Georgia and greater tourist inflow from the EU. The country is already being promoted as one of the best places to visit including by many reputable magazines 4 which have named it in and received 6.5 million messages since launch in March. Ti Bot serves as an efficient new sales channel and can also be used to conduct simple banking transactions. In December we also deployed a biometric voice recognition system in our call centre to simplify customer identification and improve the safety of our customers personal and account data. We are the first bank in the region 1 to have implemented such a system. We continue to deliver a superior customer experience by carefully analysing feedback received and continuously improving our products and service levels. Over the past year we introduced a fully digital onboarding system for our business clients allowing them to open a current account online and perform their transactions without delay. The usage of this service is increasing rapidly and in December around 20 of new legal entities registered online. We also launched a loyalty programme called Ertguli for our retail customers. Ertguli is a credit Vakhtang Butskhrikidze CEO 1 Region in this context comprises Armenia Azerbaijan and Georgia 2 Based on data published by the National Bank of Georgia as of 31 December 2017 Dear shareholders In 2017 TBC Bank celebrated its 25th anniversary. The Bank was established during one of the most challenging periods in Georgias recent history and our story today is an outstanding example of how to build a sustainable business. 13 TBC Bank Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Governance Additional Information Financial Statements Strategic Report Overview Strategic Rreport Strategy Performance card with a preapproved their unique nature and beauty. Georgian ski resorts are becoming increasingly popular but need support to transform them into highclass destinations with proper infrastructure thereby improving their reputations among tourists. We have been supporting Georgian mountain resorts since 2016. The primary focus of our partnership is developing infrastructure and innovative payment systems at Georgian mountain resorts which will improve their efficiency and facilitate increased demand for skiing treks positively reflecting on the Georgian economy and promoting local businesses. Priorities for 2018 In 2018 we will carry on innovating and developing new offerings for our customers as well as continue focusing on increasing customer satisfaction levels. We will also increase lending volumes in rural areas to encourage economic activities and help to lower the unemployment rate in those regions. We firmly believe that each employee is part of our success and we are committed to attracting and retaining top talent by providing competitive remuneration and attractive benefits fostering fair honest and collaborative working relationships and supporting professional development. As of the end of 2017 we employed more than 7000 people who all share the same values and are dedicated to achieving our vision of becoming the best digital financial services company in the region 2. Years with TBC Bank 2017 01 years 29 15 years 37 510 years 22 10 years 12 We give fair consideration to job applications from candidates who may have disabilities. We also support and retain employees who become disabled during their employment at TBC Bank and a violation of internal standards or legal requirements has taken place but is uncomfortable using the normal reporting lines. Our guidelines seek to ensure that complaints are recorded and that employees are safe from any potential retaliation. The Compliance Department regularly conducts employee training sessions in order to raise awareness and highlight the importance of anticorruption and antibribery issues. Periodic audits are also conducted by the Internal Audit Department to identify any violations or inappropriate behaviour. No such material instances were identified during 2017. In terms of whistleblowing 45 whistleblowing reports were received according the Groups internal policy which were escalated and resolved as appropriate. Priorities for 2018 To maintain and enhance our position as one of the most desired employers in the country we continuously work in partnership with the leading HR consulting companies to further improve our human resources systems and remain abreast of new market trends. Our 2018 initiatives include introducing a job classification system which means assessing and grading head office staff positions. The job classification system will make it easier to compare different positions throughout the Bank and will facilitate transparent and consistent people management and career development processes and implementing a selfservice platform through our internal network and mobile application which will allow each employee to control their jobrelated information such as updating personal information applying for annual leave or registering for health insurance.