 Highly durable sensors placed close to critical pieces of equipment relay information on everything from vibration anomalies to electrical currents back to a central computer system. By inspecting patterns within the signals analysts can easily see if their equipment is in peak condition or in need of maintenance. Because any potential problems show up early on engineers can schedule physical inspections and repairs for optimal times when energy demand is low. Most important health monitoring avoids catastrophic failures potentially saving billions of pounds. TO LIVE Innovative technologies which make the world more secure Meggitt is the leading provider of fuel tanks to the US military. Before our crashworthy fuel tanks over 42 of survivable helicopter crashes in the US resulted in deaths from fuel fires. Today Meggitts crashworthy selfseal fuel tanks which meet rigorous standards for flexibility strength impact and cut andtear resistance have stopped fuel spillage and reduced firerelated death and injury in such crashes to almost zero. If punctured by a high impact explosive 23mm bullet Meggitts ballisticallyresistant fuel bladders will selfseal in less than two minutes. The wound is encased in a rubber gel which suppresses the ignition source stops fuel leakage and enables flight crews to return safely to their home base. STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE OTHER INFORMATION MEGGITT PLC 1 Annual Report and new generation aircraft during a period of unprecedented product renewal by the major airframe and engine manufacturers. As we mostly supply products as a sole source provider we are the only provider of spare parts on these platforms that will be in operation for decades to come. Dividend growth p.a. over 5 yrs 6.1 Our third priority is to target value accretive acquisitions in attractive markets where we have or can develop a strong competitive position. The Board meets regularly to review the Groups strategy and has a clear view on the areas of capability we should grow by acquisition. This list is refined on an annual basis and potential targets are assessed against a rigorous set of criteria including both financial metrics and more qualitative assessments including cultural fit. Finally in the absence of any compelling investment opportunities for a prolonged period our fourth priority is to maintain an efficient balance sheet in line with the Boards guideline range of 1.5x to 2.5x Net debtEBITDA 1 designed to ensure clear headroom against our covenants. Board Changes In November we announced that Stephen Young would step down from the Board and his role as Chief Executive in December 2017 before retiring in April 2018. Stephen has served as our Chief Executive for five years and prior to that for nine years as Finance Director. During this 14 year period Group revenue grew fivefold profitability increased by nearly 460 and total shareholder returns grew by 420. We thank Stephen for the variety of electronically distributed newsletters. Our results presentations are also disseminated across the Group to enhance our employees understanding of the financial and economic factors affecting its performance. Locally at site level employee consultation is carried out at facilities by operations directors and other line managers via daily meetings on factory floors allemployee Town Hall meetings team briefings and works councils. As we appreciate that communication is twoway we carried out an employee engagement survey in 2017. The feedback will be used to help shape policies and the development of our Group. Employees are also encouraged to become shareholders to improve active participation in and commitment to the Groups success. This policy has been pursued for all UK employees through the UK Share Incentive Plan and the Sharesave Scheme. HPC training at CSS Miami Its so unusual for my whole team to come together and spend two full days just focusing on building a better and more effective working environment its invaluable we all learn so much about ourselves and each other. Ray Bennett CSS Senior VP General Manager Americas. MEGGITT PLC f Inanc Ial Statement S Annual Report and Accounts 2017 52 StrategIc r ep Ort As a manufacturing business we are committed to ensuring that all of our sites operate in full compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations and this is reinforced through our Environmental Policy and Corporate Responsibility Policy.