 Increased strength and depth in management to bring full coordination and the benefit of synergies across the division globally. Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 The development of the Simarghu range by Workware a division of Carrs Billington Agriculture Sales Ltd aligns with the Groups longterm strategy of focusing on markets with growth potential and differentiating ourselves by investing in technology and innovation. The range has proved very successful and has significantly elevated the profile of the Workware division. Top The Simarghu harness in action. Bottom The Gemini female harness. Case Study Simarghu In 2017 the Groups Workware division launched its Simarghu range of arborist harnesses and products. Developed over a number of years and backed by patent pending technology Simarghu represents the very best in safety and performance. Named after the mythical dragon who protects the tree of life the Simarghu harnesses are the product of a collaboration with renowned industry and design experts. Recognising the importance of comfort whilst working at height the design process heavily involved occupational therapists to ensure that the Simarghu range continues to perform throughout use. The meticulous design process has resulted in range of harnesses that have been described as truly gamechanging with full ergonomic adjustability and practical features which are designed specifically with arborists in mind. Perhaps the most notable development is the production of the very first femalespecific harness which better levels of comfort and support over traditional unisex harnesses. The Simarghu range was first revealed at the Tree Care Conference in Augsburg Germany and officially launched at the ARB Show National Arboretum on 12 May 2017. The industry response has been extraordinary with arborists providing ongoing positive feedback and endless reviews discussions on social media. Since launch further products have also been added to the range which complement the harnesses and enhance performance. Workware has already been able to appoint distributors across Europe and has plans to launch Simarghu into the USA Canada Australia and New Zealand. During the year the Group made strategic investment in technologies which will provide a platform for further growth in key markets. GENERATING GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Top Steam generator pipeend decontamination applied at a US Nuclear Power Plant. Bottom Largescale Powerfluidics technology Demonstrator Programme for the US Department of Energy. Case Study NuVision Engineering Inc. On 7 August 2017 Carrs Group plc announced its acquisition of USAbased engineering business NuVision Engineering Inc. NuVision was founded in 1971 and is split between its headquarters in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania and operations in Charlotte North Carolina. It is recognised internationally as a leading technology and engineering solutions business specialising in supplying products and services at nuclear and power plant facilities government waste remediation facilities and in waste cleanup programmes. NuVision boasts an impressive customer base including The strategy for the retail business remains the expansion of our geographic reach into adjacent territories redeveloping existing facilities and expanding our product offering to meet the needs of our customers particularly those located in rural communities. As part of our strategy we continue to ensure that our retail stores have the best possible locations alongside livestock auction markets and in key agricultural locations. In addition we had a strong performance in agricultural machinery where sales achieved a record level increasing 27.8 year on year. New tractor sales were up 42 year on year against a market increase of 21 and our market share for key brands increased by 3 to 19. The oil distribution business saw sales volumes decline 3.5 which was a resilient performance given the mild weather conditions with ambient temperatures during winter and spring higher than the prior year. Our continued good performance can be attributed to our product offer and excellent levels of customer service. AGRICULTURE OUTLOOK Farmer confidence has returned during the year as a result of the increase in farmgate milk prices and improved revenues from beef and sheep leading to a recovery in farm incomes. We expect farm incomes to continue to improve throughout the current financial year. The uncertainty following the outcome from the EU referendum remains particularly relating to the future of the single farm payment and support for UK farmers. However in the shortterm UK livestock and dairy prices have responded positively due to a number of factors including incurred in connection with their role including tax thereon if these are determined to be taxable benefits. Market rate determines value. There is no prescribed maximum level but the Remuneration Committee monitors the overall cost of benefits to ensure that it remains appropriate. Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 36 Remuneration Committee Report continued Element Purpose and link to strategy Policy and approach Opportunity Annual bonus Designed to reward delivery of key strategic priorities during the year. Bonus levels and appropriateness of performance measures and weighting are reviewed annually to ensure they continue to support our strategy. Bonuses are capped at 100 of base salary. 25 of any bonus earned will be deferred into awards over shares with awards normally vesting after a twoyear period. Performance is measured against stretching targets. These may include financial and nonfinancial measures. Financial measures will account for the majority and will typically include a profit related target. Performance targets will be disclosed retrospectively. The threshold level of bonus under each measure is 0. The cash element of the bonus is usually paid in November each year for performance in the previous financial year. Dividends will accrue on deferral awards over the vesting period and be paid out either as cash or as shares on vesting and in respect of the number of shares that have vested.