 Students Supporting a students lifelong learning journey through enhanced wellbeing enriched experience beyond the academic curriculum and seamless interaction with different learning channels physical and virtual. Shareholders Shareholder value and returns from profitable cashgenerative growth with a high proportion of recurring revenue and progressive dividends. Employees Interesting and rewarding careers with the opportunity to work with the leading educational institutes across the globe. Government agencies education funders Independent quality assurance services supporting the development of top class education provision. Our strategy for profitable growth is outlined on page 14 Corporate Responsibility See page 32 Our Values See page 32 Risk Management See page 30 How we maximise value creation Our Software Our Education Services Our cloudbased and onpremise Student Information Systems add value to education and business organisations throughout the student lifecycle. Our modules span Customers pay through a licence implementation and maintenance model. Marketing Enquiries Self assessment Review Applications Offers Registration Early Years School Inspections Curriculum Management School Improvement Learning Studying Professional Learning Assessments Examinations Quality Mark Graduation Alumni Management Student Experience Barometer Learning Analytics Destination of Leavers Surveys Student Support Operational Benchmarking surveys data analytics 3031 3147 Other 4070 5558 Total Revenue 7101 8705 Adjusted segment operating profit 1064 1007 Adjusted operating margin 15 12 The igraduate division provides a range of services for managers of universities colleges and schools so they are able to assess and enhance the quality of the education they provide and improve their operational performance. Also included in this line of business are noncore services. ProductsOfferings provided by this division include igraduate student surveys data analytics K2 Asset Management Software Solutions Transformation and change advisory services Information Management Services This divisions activities have increasingly focused on those skills and tools that closely relate to our student information systems. Increasingly we integrate these activities with our software offerings. Weve used Tribal software to improve the experience for our applicants. The University absolutely pushes experience far more than it does the nuts and bolts of administration which really should be as invisible but as robust as possible. The University of St Andrews UK Tribal Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 22 igraduate line of business revenue in the period was 7.1m 2016 8.7m a reduction of 18. Revenue from the core igraduate student survey and data analytics offerings fell 3.7 from 3.1m to 3.0m. In our igraduate business there was a change of leadership in the first half of the year and we successfully secured contracts in Australia including for the Australian Universities International Student Barometer. We also extended the strategic partnership with Universities UK International delivering underpinning of its subsidiaries have different functional currencies so increases and decreases in the value of Sterling versus the currency used by the Groups international operations will affect its reported results and the value of assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Tribals principal currency exchange exposure is to the Australian dollar although as at 31 December 2017 the Group was also exposed to movements in the rates between Sterling and the US dollar United Arab Emirates Dirhams South African Rand and New Zealand dollar. See note 32 for further details. The Group Finance team oversees management of foreign exchange risk and policies and procedures approved by the Board. Mark Pickett Chief Financial Officer Using Stu T alk to manage the two way integration of data between the systems will ensure data consistency and allow us to maintain SITS as our single source of truth. We like the fact that all the interfaces will be maintained and tracked from within the SITS platform this will undoubtedly save us time and effort on the support front. Arts University Bournemouth UK Tribal Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 28 Maytas offers an endtoend solution from one system. The ability to easily access one accurate view of learners and their progress stood out from the competition. Boots Opticians UK 29 Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Introduction Risk area Cause and Effect Mitigation Reputation Cause Failure to deliver contractual commitments. Failure to meet investor expectations. Effect Adverse publicity relating to contract and solution if a participant leaves employment prior to awards vesting. If the participant is considered a good leaver through death retirement injury or disability redundancy employment being transferred outside the Group or any other reason the Committee decides then awards would normally vest on the normal vesting date. In the event of a change of control an award may vest early subject to the extent the performance conditions have been achieved and scaled back pro rata for service although the Committee has the discretion to disapply time prorating. NonExecutive Directors have a defined notice period and no compensation or other benefits are payable other than the potential sharebased incentives in respect of Richard Last and Roger McDowell. Risk The Committee is cognisant of the need for the remuneration policy to operate within an effective risk management system. The Committee reviews the various elements of remuneration on an annual basis to ensure that they do not encourage any undue risk taking by Executive Directors or senior management. When setting performance targets for variable components of remuneration the Committee remains mindful of environmental social and governance ESG issues. The Committee does not believe that the current remuneration structure will encourage dysfunctional behaviours or would reward despite a negative ESG event. Shareholders Views The Committee considers shareholder feedback received at the AGM and during meetings with investors throughout the year and uses these views to help formulate the overall remuneration policy.