 Availability of suf cient capital is critical to allow Vesuvius to deliver its business plan. Strategic alignment Customer and other counterparty default Restricted access to capital hampering ability to fund growth Reduction in earnings from increased interest charges Reduced market liquidity and increased cost of capital Capital allocation discipline Capital structuring including xed rate borrowing and matching of debt to cash ow earnings currency Alignment of cost structure with revenue where possible Effective planning of the debt re nancing pro le to avoid exposure to shortterm market disruptions Complex and changing regulatory environment Vesuvius is subject to worldwide legal and regulatory regimes some of which impose extra jurisdictional obligations on companies and are continually updated. Strategic alignment Revenue reduction from reduced end market access Disruption of supply chain and route to market Increased internal control processes Increased frequency of regulatory investigations Reputational damage Globally disseminated Code of Conduct highlighting ethical approach to business Worldwide con dential Speakup procedure Compliance programmes and training across the Group Independent Internal Audit function Experienced Internal Legal function 25 Strategic Alignment Deliver growth Generate sustainable pro tability and create shareholder value Maintain strong cash generation and an ef cient capital structure Provide a safe working environment for our people Be at the forefront of innovation Run topquality costef cient and sustainable operations Foster talent skill and motivation in our green development though Made in China 2025. This trend towards higher quality industrial manufacturing is bene cial to Vesuvius steel division. Our current strong position in this market will help us to bene t from these trends. India is another key growth market and one where we enjoy high penetration rates. It was one of the fastest growing steel markets in 2017 and closely tied to the Governments economic development plans is the target to increase steel capacity to 300 million tonnes per annum by 2030 versus a production level in 2017 of c. 101 million tonnes. As a result Vesuvius also considers that this market presents an opportunity for Vesuvius to grow sales by a factor of approximately three times in the long term. We also remain optimistic about the outlook for future steel production growth in countries such as Brazil Mexico T urkey the Middle East Russia and Vietnam. Roel van der Sluis President Steel Flow Control Our Performance Ef cient technology transfer improves customer production reliability and reduces cost Joe Gu Production Manager of Slide Gate Refractories and Purge Plugs North Asia The Challenge The Castrip process is a recent technology developed to directly cast steel in a thin strip. This enables the production of steel coils with less energy consumption and a reduced production cost compared with the conventional process which requires hot rolling after casting to reduce slab thickness. For this technology Vesuvius has developed speci c technology for core refractory materials and designs as outweigh any underlying changes. The underlying data for 2017 does indicate improvements in energy consumption in some areas. This detailed analysis of normalised data is used by Vesuvius senior engineers to drive improvements across the business. Environmental Monitoring All our factory emissions are proactively managed in accordance with local regulations. Regular analysis enables us to take action to reduce our emissions where possible and to operate more ef ciently. The Group monitors its energy consumption worldwide CO 2 e emissions and usage of water. Vesuvius proactively seeks to reduce waste in production and to reuse and to recycle materials where practical. In 2017 Vesuvius recorded nine minor environmental incidents. These included items such as encroachment of waste water from a neighbouring property complaints about a factory odour and contained spillages. All of the incidents were contained via Vesuvius site environmental response plans and reported through the Vesuvius incident reporting system. T wo of these incidents in China were reported to the local environmental regulators. No action was taken by the authorities after Vesuvius made process changes. In all cases we complied with our local reporting requirements. Energy used kWh per metric tonne product packed for shipment 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 Energy conservation 1320 1360 1400 1440 1480 1520 Sustainability Highlights Vesuvius France installed a water network separation and rain water collection system linked to an onsite re ghting water lagoon. In Korea 4891 square metres of asbestos containing roo ng was safely replaced with steel cladding Board Diversity Policy can be found in the Governance Report. Chairmans Governance Letter 77 Board Evaluation and T raining This year the Boards formal evaluation process was again externally facilitated by the corporate advisory rm Lintstock. It utilised a fresh approach with the key element constituting oneonone interviews with each Director conducted by Lintstock aimed at gaining a deeper insight into Directors responses. Overall the evaluation concluded that the Board remained of a high calibre and was functioning well with open and challenging debate and transparent information ow. The Nomination Committee was felt to have dealt successfully with Board succession during the year identifying an accomplished candidate to replace Franois Wanecq as Chief Executive and securing an excellent new Nonexecutive Director. Similarly the Audit Committee continued to deliver robust challenge to management on nancial matters and had overseen a smooth transition of external auditor. Finally the Remuneration Committee had prepared and recommended an updated Remuneration Policy for 2017. The evaluation highlighted a number of Board priorities for 2018 including the need to integrate the new Chief Executive an ongoing emphasis on strategy and its delivery and the need for the Board to continue to set the right tone from the top and monitor the culture of the Group.