 At that time threequarters of our revenue came from clients headquartered in the UK. I stand down from the Board this year with a business that spans the globe with 20 offices in 14 countries and proud to count over 80 of the worlds 100 largest advertisers among its clients. The marketing industry has been through a period of substantial change during this time bringing with it extraordinary complexity. In 2006 Facebook celebrated its second birthday and Twitter was born. Meanwhile eightyearold Google was already valued at 50 billion. Now its over 17 times that figure and these three companies alone generated over 130 billion of advertising revenue in 2017. Add to this the everevolving capabilities of technology and the creation of a totally pervasive online ecosystem and the balance of relationships and the level of complexity within marketing today has fundamentally changed. I have greatly enjoyed being part of Ebiquitys evolution over the past 12 years and believe that with Rob Woodwards arrival we have the right leadership at the Boards helm to support the executive team led by Michael Karg in seizing Ebiquitys unique market opportunities. 6 Ebiquity plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 In 2006 Ebiquity was already focusing on transparency and accountability. One key issue then was the need to verify whether adverts that had been paid for had actually appeared in newspapers. We were able in part to apply technology to plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 Marketing Performance Optimisation MPO We guide clients to decide how much they need to spend on marketing where to allocate and how to optimise their marketing investments. We help them choose which analytics technologies to select and how to improve digital customer journeys. Our work in this practice has two distinct service offerings econometric modelling and customer experience analytics. Mike Campbell Head of International Effectiveness Marketers are rewarded by the Csuite for delivering real and tangible ROI. And its only by understanding the relative and absolute contribution of all channels and platforms taking and attributing the Total View online and offline that they can accomplish this. Tim Hussain Practice Principal Tech Europe There are so many options for marketing technology that many marketers dont know where to turn for simple clear and impartial advice. By building a team from right across the industry and by remaining staunchly independent we are helping our clients make informed advertising technology decisions. Market Intelligence MI For almost 20 years we have provided clients with a clear picture of their own and their competitors inmarket creative executions ad spend and media strategies. Our marketleading family of Ebiquity Portfolio media platforms was joined in 2017 by Ebiquity Portfolio Digital providing comprehensive coverage of creative and spend data for digital advertising content. This is supported by specialist insight market and earned media research experts who combine automated analytics with native language human analysis. The Streamline hiring process Introduce stage gate process for key investments in innovations Publication of thought leadership articles providing insightful and actionable points Rollout a refreshed brand identity across all key brand touchpoints including website Delivery against the milestones published within our Growth Acceleration Plan Launch of marketing analytics and tech services in new markets KPIs Target voluntary attrition rate below 20 Increase proportion of revenue generated from newenhanced products and services Percentage of clients taking two or more productsservices Publish quoted thought leadership pieces Average billings per employee Revenue CAGR of 10 between 20162021 Medium term underlying operating profit margin target of 1213 RISKS Our talent continues to be highly in demand due to the breadth of experience that it gains through our unique positioning. There is a risk of an industrywide talent shortage for data scientists in particular as demand by clients agencies internet platforms and publishers increases. We work hard on a number of initiatives to make Ebiquity a great place to work and foster retention The media landscape is constantly changing resulting in increasing pressure to developrefine products and services faster. Through evolving our delivery methods and creating product owners we aim to stay highly relevant to our clients Our clients often have complex decentralised management structures requiring considerable investment of time to negotiate global commercial agreements. We ensure we devote appropriate commercial and senior client facing resource to expedite the negotiation of commercial agreements Inability to capitalise on the opportunities arising from the focus on media transparency Some of the industry trends become less important or are resolved Identifying key talent to enable expansion of Marketing Analytics and Tech businesses could take longer than expected due to scarcity in the market Clients may be slower to respond to issues in media transparency and data driven marketing causing a delay in potential revenue growth. We leverage our relationships with clients and industry bodies to influence change 22 Ebiquity plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 PEOPLE PRODUCT PROCESS PROFILE PERFORMANCE GOAL Attract retain and develop high calibre talent from the media data science and consultancy sectors. Launch proprietary products and services that harness our data and insights and enable us to be trusted advisers to our clients. Shape the organisation and its processes to support broader and deeper client relationships. Raise our brand profile and broaden the perception of our expertise to support our growth plans. Delivery of our Growth Acceleration Plan resulting in sustainable double digit revenue growth at sustainable operating margins. PROGRESS Launched first iteration of Global Competency Framework Kicked off Future Leaders Training programme Launched Ebiquity Connect Expanded Marketing Effectiveness footprint in Europe and APAC Rolled out Portfolio Digital Launched Total View Attribution Embedded operational tools e.g. Salesforce to improve management information Hired a Global Chief Operating Officer Appointed Global Client Partners More press mentions in trade and business publication than ever before e.g.