0 million of assets on top of those mentioned above. With the increase in the size of the business and the move to the main markets in London and Johannesburg the Board of Sirius has expanded through my own appointment as Nonexecutive Chairman in September 2016 and more recently the appointment of Justin Atkinson former CEO of Keller Group plc as an independent Nonexecutive Director. Robert Sinclair from whom I took over as Chairman will not be offering himself up for reelection at the next AGM having served the Company for the last ten years five of those as Chairman. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank him for his outstanding commitment to Sirius during that time. In particular whilst Chairman Robert was instrumental in guiding the Company through the financial crisis to become the strong and fast growing Company that Sirius is today. Reported profit before tax adjusted for property revaluation change in fair value of derivative financial instruments and other adjusting items including expense relating to the Long Term Incentive Plan. Excluding provisions for deferred tax and financial derivatives. Including the Krefeld and Markgrningen acquisitions which completed just after year end and excluding the Merseburg disposal. Restated for the disposal of Merseburg and a land sale at CllnParc. The Board is currently actively recruiting for a replacement for Robert. Justin Atkinson a practically possible Sirius seeks to reduce its environmental impact and encourage sustainability initiatives. We actively manage our impact on the environment and work hard to ensure that space is maximised to its full potential. A fundamental part of our business model involves reconfiguring former industrial buildings and in doing so we extend the life and use of these ageing structures. We endeavour to ensure tenants are better equipped to manage their energy consumption and have made substantial progress in installing meters across many of our sites thereby facilitating the measurement and improvement of efficiencies in terms of the delivery and consumption of utilities throughout our portfolio of properties. Community Sirius has enthusiastic and passionate employees who are keen to support their community with worthwhile events. Sirius focuses attention on community causes in which employees have a personal interest and wish to be actively involved. We believe this ensures a deep commitment to the cause and enables us to see the direct impact of our support. Sirius continues to support many charities across Germany both regionally and nationally with a particular focus on youth health and education. People Sirius recognises the importance of professional development for all employees within the Group. The Sirius Akademie internal training programme offers training for key employees across a range of topics including communication finance and facility management. The Akademie has been running since 2009 and in 2016 alone there were 15 training courses available to staff with a total of 184 employees attending. In March capex investment programme. Principal risks Extensive analysis is performed to assess demand and costs before an investment decision is made to ensure each project meets local demands and returns are realistic. Sirius has ten years of experience and data on developing its vacancy and the takeup of its and its competitors products in the markets that it operates so assessments and projections are based on detailed information and knowledge. The Group is continuing to invest in its internal operating platform which ensures the delivery of all aspects of projects including development marketing lettings renewals service charge recovery and collections. Fortnightly conference calls are held with all relevant people discussing progress and expectations on all projects within the capex investment programme. Mitigation CUSTOMER 6 Reduced tenant demand for the Groups offerings and lower takeup of vacant space. Substantial amount of existing tenants or tenants becoming insolvent. Tenants failing to meet their lease obligations. Principal risks Inability to fill up vacant space and not meet profit growth targetsexpectations. Occupancy and profit issues when a number of major anchor tenants vacate in a short time period. Tenant defaults result in loss of income and an increase in void costs and bad debt. Downward pressure on earnings and NAV. Potential impact The Group has a large and active internal marketing and lettings team working within the German market and is not reliant on third parties to sign new and renew existing tenants. The Groups online presence is such that more than 90 of the rules relating to controlled foreign companies. Forfeiture of tax losses due to change of ownership. Change of tax rates or accounting practices applicable to the Company. The noncompliance with laws regulations and accepted practices. Principal risks 38 Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report SYSTEMS AND DATA 9 Impeded access to core systems for internal and external customers. Loss of business critical data. Penalties and private litigation. Reputational damage. Potential impact The Group has a detailed IT strategy which is under continual review and is focused on a balance between efficiency and control. An IT audit designed to identify control weaknesses is performed on an annual basis as part of the Group annual audit process. A comprehensive Disaster Recovery Plan is in place to ensure minimal information and time is lost should an entire site go down. Of the three main systems used by the Company two are hosted by third party experts and one is hosted internally. All three systems have service level agreements in place for ongoing maintenance upgrades backup and improvements. Payment transactions are automated and subject to an internal authority matrix which is reviewed annually to ensure appropriate controls including segregation of duty are enforced at all times. Mitigation Upgrades carried out to improve onsite internet bandwidth and reliability. Storage server and domain upgrades completed to incorporate latest available security settings and improve performance. Customer relationship and business intelligence systems upgraded to deliver increased functionality and automation.