 Auditors Deloitte T ouche LLP Chartered Accountants Hill House 1 Little New Street London EC4A 3TR Stockbroker Durlacher Limited Moorgate Hall 155 Moorgate London EC2M 6XB Bankers Barclays Bank PLC PO Box 885 Mortlock House Vision Park Histon Cambridge CB4 9DE Registrars Capita Registrars 34 Beckenham Road Beckenham Kent BR3 4TU Solicitors Herbert Smith Exchange House Primrose Street London EC2A 2HS Company Number 2659005 Registered Office 16 Orsman Road London N1 5QJ Company Website www.lidco.com Scientific advisory panel Shareholder information 0405 770 units 0304 591 units 0203 300 units 0102 128 units OPERATIONAL 200405 Highlights Sensor and fee for use unit sales increased by 91 to 19623 over the previous year 10260 fourth year in a row of disposable sales growth over 90 Planned transition from capital sales well advanced with disposable revenue recurring sales now 66 of product sales up from 20 in 2002 and 33 in 2003 An independent clinical study shows 4000 cost savings per patient potentially worth 500m per annum to the UKs NHS The installed base of PulseCOLiDCOplus monitors increased by 30 to 770 at the end of the period 2003 591 Contract signed with Philips Medical Systems and launch of the LiDCOplus v3.0 software creates a communications link between LiDCOs monitoring system and Philips patient monitors A placing of 3.7m net of new shares was completed in June 2004 providing capital to support the new US European distributor programmes and additional RD Total revenues of 2.5mconstant currency 2.6m higher than in 2003 reflecting strong healthy growth in sales of monitors and sensors. Careful cost control enabled administrative costs to be held at 6 million. In June a placing of 3.7 million net was completed to provide additional working capital to support new US German and Austrian distributor programmes and additional research and development. During the year a nonexclusive partnership agreement was signed with Philips Medical Systems. Hemodynamic monitoring data gathered from patients using LiDCOs systems can be fed into the Philips IntelliVue Patient Monitor a patient information system used in many of our target hospitals. Other recently developed links also enable our systems to connect directly to hospitals own information systems an increasingly important feature as the NHS and other healthcare providers move towards an electronic patient record system. The recently announced results of the St Georges Hospital outcome study are we believe of particular significance to the Companys future development. We believe that the study which used LiDCOplus monitors makes the clearest business and humanitarian case ever made for the adoption of hemodynamic monitoring for the treatment of high risk surgery patients saving on average over ten hospital bed days per patient. The Company is therefore well placed to accelerate penetration of our target markets for hemodynamic monitoring systems. In order to ensure that full advantage is taken of this opportunity maximum effort and commitment will be required on the part of the Companys employees and management. F or this reason the Board has decided to undertake billion in 2002 on patient monitoring products and with an annual growth rate of 8. 9 hospitals will continue to allocate a significant percentage 3040 of their resources to critical care patients. There remains a growing need for advances in cardiovascular monitoring and the care of such hospital patients. The size of the available market therefore is not in doubt. The challenge for LiDCO in 200405 was to get into the position where the Company could fully exploit the potential for its technology to meet this growing need. Therefore it was key to complete residual registration activities in a number of new territories and appoint additional distributors in these territories. These activities have now been concluded successfully. Following product approvals the publication of independent clinical studies showing both patient and economic benefits is crucial to the development of the minimally invasive monitoring market. With this in mind I am pleased to report that during the year a number of trials using LiDCOs technology have concluded positively. Of these trials the most powerful report was the one presented on 22 March 2005 at the 25th International Symposium on Intensive Care and Emergency Medicine in Brussels following the conclusion of a prospective controlled trial conducted by St. Georges Hospital London. This trial has demonstrated that better post operative intensive care can be achieved with the use of LiDCOs minimally invasive technology and importantly that such care translates into benefits for both the patient and cost savings for the healthcare provider. The savings review T erry OBrien Hospitals will always need to maintain a high standard of patient care which means a constant need for the latest technology despite budget restraints. LiDCO Group plc Annual Report January 2005 6 focused on realtime beat to beat display of critical parameters ambition is to achieve full coverage of the US market through a mixed direct and distributor sales force. In May 2004 the Company announced it had contracted with Philips Medical Systems Philips to create a communications link between LiDCOs proprietary standalone monitoring system LiDCOplus Monitor and Philips patient monitors via the Philips Open VueLink Interface protocol. The communications link allows Philips customers access to LiDCOs proprietary minimallyinvasive hemodynamic monitoring data on the IntelliVue Patient Monitor. The integration of critical care parameters and hemodynamic data derived from the LiDCOplus monitor will allow a fuller picture of the patients condition and history to be displayed and accessed throughout the hospital. I am pleased to say that this communication link software has now been completed and launched. In addition for those hospitals without Phillips monitors we have provided a real time ethernet based communication feature. This means that LiDCO monitors can now be interfaced through both proprietary and inexpensive non proprietary protocols. This is a major step forward as hospital information systems can now be updated with LiDCOs oxygen delivery data shown by the St. Georges trial to be fundamental to improving outcomes for surgical patients.