 Whilst the UK market remains uncertain as the ramifications resulting from the UKs vote to leave the EU begin to unfold I am confident that our UK business is more resilient and better placed to capture further growth opportunities as they arise. Our South African business has continued to deliver sustainable growth and notwithstanding the recent political unrest the medium term outlook in South Africa remains positive providing opportunities for the Group to continue to grow its market share. With our leading market positions portfolio of strong brands continued new product investment strong financial position and self help initiatives focused on market share gain and operational improvement the Board remains confident that the Group should continue to make further progress for the year ending 31 March 2018. Nick Kelsall Group Chief Executive 14 June 2017 CASE STUDY ABODE Berkeley Homes Vista Chelsea Bridge THE CHALLENGE The challenge from Berkeley Homes to Leicht Kitchens was to supply a high quality WRAS Water Regulations Advisory Scheme approved kitchen tap. The brief was for a designer model of a square cubic design to complement the ontrend modern handleless kitchen units being installed into this luxurious top end development. THE SOLUTION The tap offered was the Abode New Media tap available in four uptodate colour finishes. This creatively designed model has the modern cubic design lines asked for featuring a large square base a rotating planate spout with integrated aerator and easy to use minimalist handle which stands proud either on the sink or on the worktop when installed. The tap finishes available were Chrome Brushed Nickel Granite Black and Gloss White. The specification was to coordinate with other appliances being fitted within the very modern kitchens. As a result Abodes AT1180 in the Chrome finish was chosen. THE RESULT Leicht Kitchens took delivery of 140 New Media taps. Since gaining this contract Abode has quoted the same tap plus a selection of other products from the Abode portfolio to additional regions of Berkeley Homes Eastern Counties and South East London. Additionally the two major kitchen suppliers to these two regions have quoted Abode products taps and sinks for all their London contract business establishing Abode within this important and growing sector. 08 Norcros plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Business model We have a well established successful track record of serving consumers architects designers developers retailers and wholesalers. Our emphasis is on innovation quality and service. We base our business on understanding our customers needs. Norcros is a substantial group with consistent high quality standards and considerable resources. We invest significantly and continuously in our people product development and processes and we aim to develop our business in both the quality of our products and the scale of our activities. Wide product range We offer a one stop shop of showering bathroom and kitchen taps sinks bathroom accessories tiles and fixing solutions Trusted quality Leveraging our established positions we have a reputation for innovation of new manufactured and factored ranges such as the Johnson White Collection together with sales of higher value large format tiles and coupled with further operational plant improvements resulted in an underlying operating profit ahead of last year with excellent cash conversion. Another year of strong constant currency growth. HIGHLIGHTS 2017 Share of Group revenue 88.9m 33 share Tile Africa Johnson Tiles South Africa TAL Total South Africa revenue m 88.9m 15 16 14 13 17 73.0 72.9 70.7 77.6 88.9 17.9 45.2 9.8 17.2 45.5 10.3 17.1 43.0 10.6 19.4 46.9 11.3 21.1 57.0 10.8 Norcros plc Annual report and accounts 2017 17 Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements It is pleasing to report that the plant was awarded the ISO 14001 environmental management certification during the period. Additionally capacity expansion options for the short and medium term are well developed with the business currently engaged in a number of projects to gradually increase our existing plant capacity over the next two years. TAL TAL our market leading adhesives business in South Africa delivered strong growth with constant currency independent sector revenue increasing 4.5 compared to prior year or 17.9 on a reported Sterling basis to 21.1m 2016 17.9m. This reflected further growth in exports to Sub Saharan Africa with export revenue outside of South Africa now accounting for 17.3 of independent sector revenue. During the year there has been continued focus on input costs plant efficiency and logistics which in addition to the revenue growth resulted in and its other members are Martin Towers and David McKeith. The Committee is focused on ensuring the Groups remuneration policy is closely aligned with shareholders interests. Corporate governance Overview Financial statements Strategic report Norcros plc Annual report and accounts 2017 43 Remuneration strategy continued To further ensure remuneration is aligned with shareholder interests half of any bonus paid is deferred for three years shares vesting from APSP awards made in 2015 onwards need to be held for a further two years i.e. until the fifth anniversary of grant and the Executive Directors are additionally required to build and maintain a shareholding of at least 100 of salary. Finally in the event of material misstatement in accounting records or gross misconduct deferred bonus and APSP awards may be subject to malus or clawback. The Group has for many years successfully operated an allemployee Save As You Earn SAYE share scheme in the UK enabling the workforce to participate in growth opportunities for the business. This statutory scheme has now timeexpired and therefore a resolution will be proposed at the 2017 AGM for the approval of a successor SAYE scheme. Year in review As highlighted in the Chairmans Statement and the Group Chief Executives Statement on pages 4 and 6 respectively Norcros continues to perform strongly with an eighth consecutive year of growth in both revenue and underlying operating profit. Highlights for the year ended 31 March 2017 include revenue growth of 15.0 10.6 on a constant currency basis to 271.