 For example despite 80 of outbound airports being regulated airport and ground handling costs decreased by 1.3 per seat at constant currency. 20 of all easyJet passengers now travel through an automated bag drop area with further automation planned to be rolled out across the network. Automatic gates are also being trialled for boarding. Maintenance and engineering easyJet is driving further efficiencies from its contract for maintenance and the provision of spare parts which started in October 2015. easyJet is using data science and its strong relationship with Airbus to support predictive maintenance which will drive further longterm cost savings. Innovation continues to drive down costs. For example the BladeFix application determines the most efficient way of replacing blades resulting in savings of c.US250000 per year. easyJet also invested in high capacity growth in its city strategy in Venice and Naples to improve its number one positions as well as maintaining share in the slotconstrained Amsterdam airport where the airport is now at full capacity. easyJets announcement regarding its purchase of parts of Air Berlins operations is consistent with this strategy. Overall easyJet grew capacity by 8.5 in the period with its market share for easyJets markets up 0.8 percentage points to 31.6. Progress in easyJets main markets is as follows United Kingdom easyJet has strong market positions in all of the UKs busiest airports with 10 number one airports and two number adoption and representing 10 of all app bookings. 24 of passengers now use mobile boarding passes 9.5 percentage points increase from 2016 financial year and 40 airports support real time data exchange for gate information and bag drop. easyJet sent 11.6 million go to gate push notifications during the period. Innovation and digital leadership easyJet continues to innovate to maintain its advantage improving the customer experience and increasing efficiency. This is being delivered across the business from the new commercial platform and easyJet Worldwide within the lean initiatives in operations with the rollout of iPads in Palma for our crew members and in engineering where we are reducing both fuel use and carbon emissions. The new website customer interface rolled out this year is a key point of differentiation and provides a platform to release new features and enhancements. This has already delivered increases in conversion and attachment rates as customers find it easier to search for flights compare routes times and fares and see more relevant information on seats and bags. Further opportunities for commercial optimisation are planned. easyJet has continued to enhance its app capabilities building on its consistent 4.5 star rating 23 million downloads and over 600000 uses per day. In addition to functionality that improves the travel experience and drives loyalty such as mobile boarding passes and the flight tracker easyJets app is increasingly being used to manage disruption combining better communication with the ability for passengers to selfhandle easily rebooking their flights and securing preapproved customers Increased easyJets marketable customers by 5.6 Increased easyJet Plus membership by 58.3 Increased bookings by mobile app by 27.2 Increased nonseat revenue by 9.3 Launched Worldwide by easyJet Introduced Hands Free bag offer 420k revenue in the financial year Increased the number of female new entrant copilots by 48 through the Amy Johnson initiative Introduced For the love of flying campaign to attract new pilots Recruited 14 engineering apprentices. Continue to establish strong leadership positions Invest to achieve number 1 position in each airport or a number 2 position to a weak flag carrier 21 aircraft deliveries scheduled Drive further lean initiatives throughout the business Upgauge our fleet with A320ceo A320neo and A321neo aircraft Complete Next Generation programme Reduce the number of technical events with predictive maintenance and enhanced part management and distribution Improve disruption management through better processes and communication with our customers Influence structural improvements through discussion with airports governments and the EU Continue investing substantially in digital capability Continue rollout of new commercial platform with improved capability Drive higher conversion rates Increase ancillary revenue Explore new distribution channels partner agreements and structures Continue to strengthen our corporate sales Further innovative and targeted product rollout Continue to improve diversity by attracting more women to apply for cadet programme Improve retention and engagement scores Develop strong pilot and crew recruitment pipelines WHAT WE DID WHAT WERE GOING TO DO 22 easyJet plc Annual report and accounts 2017 We have now consolidated our Gatwick North Terminal programme resulting in and education through a Security Champions network online training materials and periodic awareness campaigns. Given the nature of this risk the appropriateness of mitigation activity is continuously reviewed under the governance of an information security programme. This programme is subject to independent programme assurance on an at least annual basis. REPUTATIONAL Risk continued 5 2 3 4 2 6 41 www.easyJet.com STRATEGIC REPORT Corporate responsibility Running our business responsibly easyJet wants to run its business with a true sense of purpose that serves society and is based on a set of principles which helps it achieve sustainable profitability.