 Our goal is to help everyone benet from improved communications and to spread the benets of new technology as widely as possible. This is demonstrated for example by our wide deployment of broadband technology throughout the UK and by the BT Education Programme which has enabled more than two million young people to participate in a dramabased campaign designed to help them improve their communications skills. Strategic progress and outlook The strong growth in new wave turnover our ICT order book and broadband shows that our strategy is working. We remain committed to that strategy and are condent in our ability to deliver our key strategic goals. Weve come a long way since May 2001 when your Board announced a radical plan to reduce debts manage costs and improve customer satisfaction. Weve established a solid platform for future growth and success. None of this could have happened without the loyalty and support of our shareholders customers suppliers and employees. Given the continued support of all our stakeholders we will build on this success and accelerate the transformation of our business. Sir Christopher Bland Chairman 19 May 2004 Chairmans message 3 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2004 We live in an era of greater customer choice than we have ever seen before. This choice is good for customers and good for our industry. Changes in technology are leading to changes in peoples behaviour. People are for example spending more time 4 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2004 consumer mobile markets. Our customers will benet from being able to communicate and access the same information and services however and wherever they want whether they are connected to a xed network or on the move. For our larger business customers we also offer convergence managing their xed and mobile communications seamlessly. And the growth of WiFi wireless broadband suggests that it could well be one of those technologies which rapidly becomes a part of our customers lives. Once theyve experienced it they nd it hard to imagine life without it. Traditional business Given the impact of new technology and increasing competition voice call volumes may no longer be the absolute guide to the health of the company that they once were but they remain a fundamental part of our business and we are bringing an innovative approach to product development sales and marketing in the voice calls business. Robust defence doesnt mean retreat it means seizing new opportunities. BT Together for example has been a major success with around nine million customers. During the year we announced that we will be abolishing the standard rate for our existing customers from 1 July 2004 and launched an enhanced range of option packages. In the business calls market BT Business Plan has had similar success customer numbers were up from 20000 to 175000 in the year. And BT Local Business is demonstrating that getting close to our customers can deliver signicant revenue benets forwardlooking and are made in reliance on the safe harbour provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to analyses and other information which are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include without limitation those concerning BTs strategy and its ability to achieve it BTs debt reduction plans growth of and opportunities available in the communications industry and BTs positioning to take advantage of those opportunities expectations regarding competition market shares prices and growth expectations regarding the convergence of technologies growth and opportunities in new wave business ICT broadband mobility and managed services BTs network development and plans for the 21st century network plans for the launch of new products and services network performance and quality the impact of regulatory initiatives on operations including the regulation of the UK xed wholesale and retail businesses BTs possible or assumed future results of operations andor those of its associates and joint ventures BTs future dividend policy capital expenditure and investment plans adequacy of capital nancing plans demand for and access to broadband and the promotion of broadband by thirdparty service providers and those preceded by followed by or that include the words believes expects anticipates intends or similar expressions. Although BT believes that the expectations reected in these forwardlooking statements are reasonable it can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct.