 Growth in primary investment volumes over the medium term We operate in a broad market for new infrastructure with a strong pipeline of future opportunities. Throughout the year we maintained a disciplined approach to making new investments. Using detailed financial analysis and investment appraisal processes we assess the specific risk profiles for each prospective investment with the aim of optimising riskadjusted returns and securing only those new investments which are likely to meet the investment appetites of secondary market investors when the underlying assets become operational. Our resources are concentrated on countries or geographical regions carefully selected against five key criteria a stable political legal regulatory and taxation framework a commitment to the development of privatelyfinanced infrastructure the ability to form relationships with strong supply chain partners preferably companies we have worked with before the likelihood of target financial returns on a riskadjusted basis being realised and the existence of a market for operational investments or a strong expectation that such a market will develop. Our total commitment to new investments in 2017 was 382.9 million made up of 142.5 million in renewable energy and 240.4 million in PPP assets. This was a record level for John Laing and significantly ahead of investment commitments of 181.9 million in 2016 and our guidance. Our international growth continued with all our investment commitments being made outside the UK including the following I66 Managed Lanes US 118.0 million Rocksprings Wind Farm US 62.9 million New Grafton Correctional Centre responsible for all the Groups bid development activities. The teams take responsibility for developing and managing a pipeline of opportunities including market research project selection bid coordination and negotiations with public sector authorities vendors and lenders. In each of our target markets of North America Asia Pacific and Europe we work with strong delivery partners. For instance in the Asia Pacific and North American regions the Group is currently working with leading international and domestic contractors and service providers including Acciona ACS Group Aecom Akuo Alstom Ansaldo Astaldi Bechtel Bombardier Bouygues Brookfield Multiplex Capella Ferrovial Cubic Downer Fluor Fulton Hogan John Holland LeightonCIMIC Lend Lease NRG Serco SNC Lavallin Spotless Transdev Vestas and Vinci. We target a wide range of infrastructure sectors Transport rail including rolling stock roads street lighting and highways maintenance Environmental renewable energy including wind power solar power and biomass water treatment and waste management Social infrastructure healthcare education justice stadiums public sector accommodation and social housing. We also continually assess opportunities in other infrastructure sectors where we believe our business model could be successfully applied. Potential sectors which have been or are being considered include broadband water resource management energy storage and other forms of renewable energy such as pumped storage. John Laing Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 Strategic Report Location United Kingdom Partners Hitachi Rail Europe Description The IEP is an innovative scheme covering the finance design manufacture delivery into daily service and maintenance of a fleet of 122 stateoftheart Hitachi Super Express trains believe it is most effective to support and encourage our employees to contribute positively in their own capacities to good causes where they live and work. Our policies and procedures in general reflect our values as a responsible employer which operates with integrity and in a manner that is both ethical and transparent. Olivier Brousse CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMMUNITY INVESTMENT Our community investment strategy is based on delivery through our employees and a number of partners. Since 2006 we have been an active Patron of the Princes Trust which has allowed us to support disadvantaged and vulnerable young people across the UK to help them move into work education or training. The Group encourages its staff across each of the different markets where it operates to involve themselves in activities that benefit local communities both related and unrelated to projects John Laing is working on. The John Laing WestStadium team in Perth Australia continues to provide vital support to their Business Class partner school Girrawheen Senior High School by assisting in developing the schools strategic plan organising project tours and oneonone training by sitebased personnel as part of the schools vocational education and training. They also help with the management and structure of Aboriginal Girls Academy which exists to develop and empower young women through leadership training mentoring sport and extracurricular programmes. During the year Student Sponsor Partners an organisation which aims to bridge the educational achievement gap for low income academically atrisk high school students in New York City The Committee may offer cash andor sharebased elements to compensate an individual for remuneration forfeited on leaving a former employer if it considers these to be in the best interests of the Company and therefore its shareholders. Such payments would take account of remuneration relinquished and would mirror as far as possible the delivery mechanism time horizons and performance requirement attached to that remuneration. Where possible any such payments would be facilitated through the Companys existing share plans but if not the awards may be granted outside these plans as permitted under the Listing Rules which allow for the grant of awards to facilitate the recruitment of an Executive Director. In the case of an internal appointment any variable pay element awarded in respect of the prior role will be allowed to pay out according to its original terms or adjusted as considered appropriate to reflect the new role. Annual Bonus Fixed Pay Longterm Incentive Plan LTIP 0 250 500 750 1000 000 1250 1500 1750 2000 Olivier Brousse Patrick OD Bourke Maximum Maximum Target Target Minimum Minimum 1276 1223 537 878 410 1816 41 29 24 47 100 30 26 44 23 33 100 27 32 44 72 John Laing Annual Report and Accounts 2017 DIRECTORS REMUNERATION POLICY CONTINUED Executive Directors service agreements and payments for loss of office The Executive Directors entered into new service agreements with the Company on 16 January 2015.