 AZOTE foams are more consistent lighter weight and possess higher purity than foams manufactured using chemical technology. These attributes make our foams ideal for multiple use or permanent storage packaging lightweight parts in aircraft cars and trains construction applications and medical equipment. During 2017 we operated the Croydon facility at its effective capacity increasing sales volumes globally by around 7. Price increases and a better mix of sales both by product and market contributed 6 to revenue growth while more favourable exchange rates mainly compared to the first six months of 2016 benefitted revenues by 5. In continental Europe much of the mix impact was realised in Germany where direct supply into a larger number of customers benefitted both pricing and business development. In North America the major impact was from our foam cutting operation in Tulsa Oklahoma which was operational for the full 12 months increasing selling prices with their valueadded processing of our materials. In the United Kingdom Eire and Asia revenues increased by 7 and 25 respectively. The operational leverage impact of higher sales while operating at capacity meant that profits increased significantly in an environment of modest labour cost increases and stable prices for LDPE our main raw material despite a more difficult inflationary environment in some other materials and energy. Increasingly our sales resource is spent specifying our product at end users often in collaboration with channel members. As additional capacity comes on selected by an Italian defence contractor for use in a series of ultrahitech unmanned crafts. The rigorous operating conditions mandate that the sophisticated internal components need to be protected and therefore our lightweight AZOTE LD24FR foam which exceeds both UL and FAA standards was selected to insulate components fill gaps and dampen vibration. It is vital these aviation regulatory standards are met to ensure safety and performance. The chosen AZOTE material is considered to represent the bestinclass solution for the desired range of characteristics with its exceptional thermal conductivity values helping to ensure a steady environment for sensitive components in desert heats to subzero temperatures as well as at altitudes of 2000030000 feet for extended periods. AZOTE foams have a closedcell structure ideal to minimise moisture retention and condensation and have been tested to withstand the effects of contraction and expansion UV and atmospheric conditioning. The chosen materials deliver industryleading fire resistance lightweight and consistent quality all made possible using Zotefoams nitrogenbased autoclave technology. This new application complements an already strong portfolio of classic and speciality foams for both aerospace and military sectors. Our brand performance We offer what our customers want AZOTE polyolefin foams AZOTE polyolefin foams are manufactured using our unique highpressure nitrogen gas process. This physical expansion process differentiates Zotefoams from competitors manufacturing similar foams with lowdensity polyethylene LDPE which is our main raw material. Zotefoams produces foams that are more consistent lighter weight and possess higher purity compared to foams manufactured using chemical technology. These superior Zotefoams is expanding the TFIT range to include products targeted at the food dairy personal care and general process industries. These are products that are inherently pure and free of chemical residues while satisfying leading fire certification standards. Demonstrably resistant to growth of mould and bacteria the full range of TFIT insulation products manufactured by Zotefoams is durable moisture resistant and easy to install and clean. TFIT Hygiene is designed for largescale aseptic food processing. Production areas are built to exacting standards where the specification is for a pure pollutant and fibrefree thermal insulation with capability to withstand the steam purging process requirements inherent in this sector. TFIT Hygiene can ensure air conditioning air filtration and other process equipment continue to operate at required levels of performance. Unique in both its material Nylon PA6 and its foam insulation class TFIT Process is the high temperature addition to the TFIT range and can operate at temperatures of up to 200C. Aimed at the utility and general processing industries around the world TFIT Process will be found assisting project and process engineers in their quest for evermore durable and heatresistant insulation solutions. Zotefoams plc Annual Report 2017 19 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Driving benefits throughout production and distribution MEL s value proposition is to bring significant material savings and cost benefits into plastic production lines through its patented MuCell microcellular foaming technology. The innovative technology operates by injecting highpressure gas into the different products. An example currently in use is at royalty andor licence fee MEL technology offers the potential to reduce the plastic content of an article by around 15 by injecting inert gas to displace plastic with microcellular bubbles. MEL technology can be used with most common plastics and reduces material consumption with no negative impact on recycling. The primary target market for MEL is consumer packaging where production volumes are large and developments are scalable across geographic and product markets. MEL continues to evolve its product offering and intellectual property IP. As the business begins to achieve commercial scale our staff becomes more specialist and our knowledge deepens. MEL staff integrates with the customers in product design to make the best use of our technological capability and with this depth of knowledge comes improved customer satisfaction and also more opportunity for further IP. In the future we expect to see most growth coming from the existing and new customer base for packaging especially flat sheet such as that used in the manufacture of yoghurt pots and ready meal containers. However MEL is also active outside of packaging with developments for aviation thin films for bags and agricultural films as well as pipes and tubes. Zotefoams plc Annual Report 2017 20 Group CFOs review Facilitating organic growth Overview Zotefoams has delivered a strong year of progress in 2017. Growth rates in excess of 20 were achieved in both sales and operating profit before exceptional items. Group revenue was up 22 to a record 70.