 Paul Webb Chief Executive We are immensely proud of the Companys heritage and the journey we have undertaken over the last 30 years. The Companys origins lie in a piece of innovative research development work designed to tackle a major customer challenge at that time the need to find a more efficient way of controlling and switching images in large CCTV systems. The problem was solved the original customer bought the solution another client quickly followed and Synectics was born. In many ways the Company has changed beyond all recognition from that initial experimental breakthrough but in other very important respects it has remained constant. Synectics first wave of success came primarily in the UK public sector as we supported the governments implementation of systems to increase the safety of public spaces throughout the country. However we increasingly discovered that there were other sectors and other geographical markets where customers were seeking the sophisticated and highquality but easy to use solutions which were becoming our stock in trade. Our strategy has always been to focus on a limited number of specific industry verticals for which security surveillance and control systems are absolutely critical organisations where often the stakes could not be higher. We build deep specialist knowledge of each of these industries and US market and we are also active in Canada and Europe and with global cruise lines. In many respects the need for security and surveillance in the gaming industry is very different from that in other sectors. Safeguarding people is always the first priority but our customers here also face other challenges. They must be able to monitor activity within each casino constantly analyse suspicious behaviour in real time and respond appropriately and swiftly when necessary. First and foremost an effective gaming surveillance solution empowers users to work smarter giving them the information they need to mitigate the risk of player scams fraudulent claims staff collusion and other security infringements. Meeting the industrys demanding regulatory requirements is a must have no casino can operate without fulfilling these responsibilities. However the solutions we design and deliver go far beyond this to give our customers access to highquality video with a speed and flexibility which enables a realtime response to any challenge. We place great emphasis on customising the user experience we provide for staff within each of our clients. Our systems create the ability to combine data events from multiple sources for example alarm transactional and analytical systems to facilitate rapid evaluation of an evolving situation. Casino operators value Synectics for our ability to deliver ultrareliable scalable endtoend solutions backed up by proven experience industry knowledge and technically expert staff who respond fast. Today we offer a turnkey approach that includes hardware software cameras and the integration of all these into transportation and infrastructure T ransport Infrastructure Synectics works extensively across the mass transportation sectors buses trams subwayunderground networks and trains. Our customers include the operators of many different forms of transport as well as the manufacturers of the vehicles themselves. We also have deep experience of working with the organisations which create and run the transport infrastructure the stations city transport systems airports and ports. Each of these diverse clients has its own specific needs running a city bus company presents very different challenges to operating an international airport. Our approach as always is to work closely with each individual customer and where relevant their other partners and tailor our underlying technologies and capabilities to address their particular requirements. However in broader terms we are increasingly witnessing some convergence in the overarching issues these organisations are seeking to tackle. To a significant degree this is being driven by the rapid advances in technological possibilities and the resulting step changes in the service that transport organisations are able to offer their own customers. When we first worked with bus tram and train operators the main priority was to provide effective onboard surveillance systems which could protect staff and passengers and deliver regulatory compliance. Now this is a given. Many customers are now looking for integrated systems and sophisticated applications whose capabilities go way beyond the minimum requirements. Organisations responsible for transport infrastructures whether urban mass transit networks or international airports are engaging with many of the same issues. The solutions are with protecting critical infrastructure since the inception of the Company but the scale and sophistication of our solutions is constantly evolving. We are currently working with one of Europes largest utilities operators to boost the reach and capability of its alarm receiving centre ARC. The customer is using Synergy 3 command and control software to enable centralised security monitoring and management of its national network of sites and assets. The integrated solution developed and deployed by Synectics will allow the organisation to monitor and control security and safety systems at over 60 sites. These will include manned facilities unmanned substations and sites critical to national infrastructure and requiring the highest levels of protection. Utilising Synergy 3s open architecture the advanced solution will integrate data inputs from emergency alarms sensors analytics perimeter detection and audio call points and access control with video footage from Synectics COEX and thirdparty cameras and GIS mapping. All of this will provide operatives with a realtime view of any anomalous event and its precise location the means with which to investigate immediately and the ability to take rapid action. The system also enables staff in the control centre to speak directly with colleagues at the site via audio point systems.