 We hope to be able to allocate Aurora its share of the Stanley Gibbons investment and we need to change the Existing Investment Policy to do so. We have invested in Stanley Gibbons and Hornby because they fit our profile of having great long term potential to make attractive returns for shareholders whilst being currently available at attractive prices. These changes do not herald any change in our investment philosophy or principles which have served us well at Phoenix for the past 20 years. Gary Channon CIO Phoenix Asset Management Partners 20 April 2018 Job No 34360 Proof Event 15 Black Line Level 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA Customer Praxis Project Title Aurora Annual Report 2017 T 0207 055 6500 F 020 7055 6600 16 Annual Report Strategic Report Investment Managers Review and Outlook Tristan Chapple April 2018 In early March a week or so before putting pen to paper for this review the FT published a story entitled Global investors shun UK Stock market FT Chris Flood 5 March 2018 that suggested UK equities are currently the most unpopular asset class in the world among large institutional investors not the most auspicious of backdrops for an investment trust with significant exposure to UK domestic businesses. Moreover one of the questions we have been most frequently asked during recent meetings with potential investors is how do you feel the portfolio is positioned given investors who ask us about Brexit or our UK focus that despite the prevailing downer on UK business our portfolio comprises a number of highquality companies that are generally prospering and that we think will continue to do well over the medium to longterm whatever Brexit has in store. Turning last years precedent into a tradition we will begin the activity review with the years laggard GSK whose share price fell 11. GSK has a new highly regarded CEO Emma Walmsley whose actions we have been watching closely and of which we so far approve. However fears remain that the company doesnt have sufficient new patented drugs to replace older products whose patents face expiry. Known as the patent cliff this has been one of the bear arguments against GSK for a while. However our counter is that this view doesnt consider the long history of creative destruction in large pharma companies a patented drugs commercial life is almost never more than 15 years drugs comeandgo all the time and yet todays largest drug companies have been major forces in the pharmaceutical industry for generations. Why should the companies endure when the products they sell do not We think the answer lies in the vast scale and expertise possessed by companies like GSK in areas such as RD and distribution their size and depth of talent means that significant discovery and subsequent commercialisation is likely even when predicting the advent of specific new products is impossible. Another bear argument is that the housing market remains undersupplied with newbuild houses and that since the credit crunch ten years ago the Government has been pulling policy levers to increase the number of houses built in this country. Against the positive general market backdrop Bellway and Redrow are both benefiting from opening new subsidiaries in parts of the country where they didnt previously operate a strategy that is enabling them to increase their sales faster than the overall market. Our investment in Hornby shares down 4 may appear unusual as we own 75 of the business and a Phoenix Partner James Wilson sits on their Board. However it is in other ways typical of our approach. The business owns a series of great brands including Hornby Corgi Airfix and Scalextrics. These nostalgic brands occupy a special place in the hearts and minds of Hornbys customers who are often longstanding and devoted hobbyists. However the brands have not fulfilled their potential because Job No 34360 Proof Event 15 Black Line Level 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA Customer Praxis Project Title Aurora Annual Report 2017 T 0207 055 6500 F 020 7055 6600 18 Annual Report Strategic Report of various operational setbacks. We increased our shareholding of Hornby during the year believing that these setbacks will be overcome with better management. One of several promising examples of this already in action is the new approach to offering discounts to wholesale customers. In the past Hornby used these discounts to tempt orders whether Sports Direct remains the lowest cost producer. We spend time inspecting the toilets in Weatherspoons because they are a good litmus test of pub management and are important when customers form impressions. Each month we use housebuilders websites to track the sales of new build houses at over 100 locations around the UK tip housing developments often have their own individual websites that show exactly the housing plots available for sale. Identified by a unique number these plots are removed from the websites once sold by building a regular data series it is relatively easy albeit time consuming to figure out how many houses are being sold each month. We visit numerous branches of Tesco and Morrisons and in each one we ask shop assistants where is the soy sauce We grade them for the quality of their response record the data and use the trend as one of many indicators of customer service standards. We think that the most relevant outlook statement we can make is that currently the research that we do gives us confidence that the companies in our portfolio are performing well in line with our investment theses. And very importantly the shares are cheap. These two elements augur well for future investment returns. The chart following this Review and Outlook shows the performance of the Phoenix UK Fund over 20 years since its inception in 1998 compared to the FTSE AllShare Index total return.