 Key highlights UK Military Flying Training System UKMFTS rotary wing contract awarded to Ascent our 5050 jv with Lockheed Martin UKMFTS fixed wing contract started strongly and is performing well Hawk T1 integrated operational support rebid awarded Successfully moved to the next phase of DSG pricing Schedule of Rates currently working on 12 demonstration vehicles for the Warrior Capability Sustainment Programme Final AirTanker aircraft delivered on schedule Leconfield Defence School of Transport contract win Renewed Army training and maintenance contracts 100 success on contract rebids and extensions including airbase multiactivity support and UKMFTS rear crew training contracts Operating margin 15.0 Revenue growth 15.8 KPI KPI 19 44 Babcock International Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors report 80 Financials 142 Employing technical innovation at Babcock DSG Across the Group Babcock is driving technology to deliver results. At DSG we maintain repair overhaul and upgrade military vehicles and equipment and assemble and test new vehicles for the British Army and technology plays a key role. Previously we identified defects in vehicles hulls through the use of dye penetration testing which could only detect surfacebreaking flaws. Recently we partnered with selected companies to jointly develop techniques for specific vehicles and gained the technical capability to perform phased array ultrasound testing of these vehicle hulls. The method involves ultrasonically scanning the capabilities such as fleet optimisation asset replacement programmes and conversions and decision support and data analytics to span multiple industry sectors will position Babcock well for further outsourcing opportunities and expansion of existing operations. Demand for our technical training services remains positive. We see an increasing requirement for technology and systems in the delivery of such training which increases the barriers to entry for competitors and incentivises large organisations to outsource these services. The introduction of the Apprenticeship Levy represents a potential opportunity to grow our existing apprentice business in the engineering and workplace skills sectors. However while we expect large organisations to look to maximise the value of their levy account our customer base also includes small employers who Key highlights Nuclear decommissioning milestones achieved on programmes across all decommissioning sites Additional work at Dounreay successfully completed Cavendish Nuclear delivered a major hazard reduction project at Sellafield Increased revenues at our ABC rail joint venture Next generation of fire engines delivered for London Fire Brigade Award winning app launched to connect key stakeholders at Heathrow Network Rails new trailblazer apprenticeship programme designed and mobilised Digital learning business secures new contracts Severn Tunnel rail track lowering project successfully delivered Revenue of Group Operating margin 7.5 Revenue growth 2.3 KPI KPI 28 48 Babcock International Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors report 80 Financials 142 may be disincentivised from training apprentices under the new regime. Our strong domestic market position has enabled us to expand our tragically in January 2017 an EMS helicopter crashed in Italy resulting in the loss of six people. In other international business we were delighted to be awarded a contract to support Qantas GSE fleet at 60 locations across Australia. The fiveyear contract with an option for a further five years streamlines the management of the airlines fleet of over 10000 ground service equipment assets. Babcock will deliver a programme to improve the equipments reliability and provide significant longterm capability and cost benefits. The contract to support GSE at Babcock upgrades technical fleet capability in South Australia Babcock in supporting the Government of South Australia has upgraded its fleet of three aircraft with increased technical capability utilising ElectroOptical InfraRed System EOIRS technology to enhance outcomes for tactical surveillance and search and rescue missions. The project has been coordinated by the Babcock Mission Critical Services team in Australia with the final solution chosen to provide the latest technology for the customers requirements. The upgrade includes turrets that provide superior high definition imaging resolution and were chosen for the lowweight installation and flexibility. This system is teamed with a mission management system and specificallydesigned mounts for screens to view imagery and supported through a dedicated console. 56 Babcock International Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 1 Directors report 80 Financials 142 Romes Fiumicino airport is performing well however Alitalias financial difficulties create uncertainty as to the ongoing viability of this contract. MCS continues to work with other Babcock divisions to delivering more than 300 hours of outreach every month in local schools and colleges our programme now reaches tens of thousands of students across the country. We deliver highly successful afterschool clubs and workshops at UK primary schools providing young children with a fun handson introduction to engineering and this year we were delighted to support three schools in the national finals of the prestigious Big Bang Awards. Our range of STEM activities spans across the higher education system to university level where we embed Design Make and Test weeks into university curricula. From 711 year olds creating and racing Goblin Cars built at afterschool clubs with Babcock engineers to Year 13 students presenting their design and creation of a load transfer device to Babcock managers at Devonport Royal Dockyard our STEM outreach activities provide young people with unique and exciting opportunities to engage with the world of engineering. Throughout this document you will find examples of Babcocks commitment to STEM activity and some of the faces behind that commitment. Were proud of our growing engagement with STEM and even more proud of the people who make that engagement possible.