 These new facilities highlight that the increased financial strength of Assura is enabling us to source new unsecured funding at attractive rates. We have sustained a strong longterm and diversified debt profile with 81 of our borrowings now at fixed rate with an average maturity of 8.7 years while delivering a reduction in our weighted average cost of debt from 4.84 to 4.06. The loan to value ratio at the year end was 37 which provides further capacity for growth as we maintain a mediumterm target range of 40 to 50. Market developments Our purpose is simple to provide GPs and patients with the buildings they need now for the NHS of today and tomorrow. Providing a wider range of health services closer to home from a broader range of primary care professionals is both more convenient for patients and significantly less expensive for the NHS. Without the right buildings however the plans can not be delivered. The outdated and unfit converted residential stock of surgery premises must evolve into purpose built medical centres with the capacity and the capability to meet the challenges the NHS will face in the future. Given the complex pressures on our National Health Service it is perhaps no surprise that the prosaic matter of bricks and mortar rarely makes it to the top of the policy agenda. However in the past year the importance of improving the quality of physical infrastructure has been explicitly recognised as being part of its own energy for heating and lighting. Set to open to patients in May 2017 staff can not wait to make the move. This year we are also on site with a brand new building for Woodville Surgery in Swadlincote Derbyshire that will offer a range of consulting and treatment rooms as well as a pharmacy to serve the 9000 patients funding conversion of a former school building into a fitforpurpose medical centre for Wivenhoe Surgery Essex making space for a whole new range of services for patients and funding a state of the art new medical centre in Swansea to create more space and make sure there is access for patients with disabilities. Project pipeline Completed On site Immediate pipeline Number of schemes 2 6 8 Development cost 13.8m 31.0m 36.0m Completion timing 201718 201819 www.assuraplc.com 13 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Our business model in action continued Supporting the evolving requirements of the GPs. Invest We are here to protect improve and expand existing primary care premises for the future investing for the long term to support GPs who no longer want the risks and responsibility of owning their own premises. With our help they can redevelop extend and refurbish to help them manage growing demand ensure their premises are ready to deliver different models of care and accommodate a bigger primary care workforce. Investment characteristics Strong leases typically long tenure No tenant breaks No rent free periods NHSfunded income means very low default risk Threeyearly medium term we should be able to deliver a superior TSR to our investors. This overriding objective is reflected in the longterm management incentive schemes implemented with rewards linked to both TSR and NAV growth over a threeyear period. Further detail is provided in the Remuneration Report on pages 52 to 65. In order to achieve these objectives we have four strategic priorities and how we monitor ourselves against them is outlined below www.assuraplc.com 23 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Resources and relationships Managing our resources to maximise value in the longterm. What makes us unique is our emphasis on long term relationships to support our develop invest and manage business model aiming to create value for all stakeholders. Brand We place great value on our reputation as a longterm partner to our GP tenants supporting them through the lifecycle of their medical centre. This reputation and our excellent relationships within the GP community lead to off market acquisition opportunities with GPs as our greatest source of referrals. Our established track record in providing state of the art primary care premises helps secure our appointment on developments. People We have a small but very knowledgeable skilled and focused team. Our internally managed model is highly scalable and our development capability enables us to grow the business without significant increase in overheads. We recognise that our success depends on the quality of our people and we encourage all of our employees to reach their full potential. Staff who wish year the Risk Committee Audit Committee and the Board considered the impact of Brexit on the basis that the Group is a wholly UK based operation with no reliance on exports and concluded that it did not in itself constitute a significant risk to the business. Cyber security was investigated and following an upgrade to the IT systems security and processes during the year it was considered that an appropriate level of risk mitigation was in place. Strategic objective Focus Expertise Sustainability Effectiveness Principal risk Strategic Changes to government policy Competitor threat Reduction in investor demand Failure to communicate Financial Reduction in availability andor increase in cost of finance Failure to maintain capital structure and gearing Operational Development overspend Key staff dependency Underperformance of assets 28 Assura plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Viability statement In accordance with provision C.2.2 of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2014 the Code the Board has conducted a review of the Companys current position and principal risks to assess the Companys longerterm viability. A fiveyear period is considered appropriate for this review as this corresponds with the Companys strategic planning timeframe. In addition the longterm nature of leases and debt facilities supports an assessment over this period. Company forecasts are prepared using a comprehensive financial model which projects the income statement balance sheet cash flows and key performance indicators over the relevant timeframe.