 Our teams have worked extremely hard to maintain the positive momentum in our manufacturing business and to successfully integrate and accelerate the growth of the acquired The Brand Architekts business. Within The Brand Architekts portfolio it is pleasing to report that all major brands and major customers are showing year on year growth and that the pace and quality of new product launches have continued seamlessly. This is a great credit to the team at Teddington who have proved themselves to be as talented professional and committed as we had hoped at the time of acquisition. In the manufacturing business our ability to support our customer base with the innovation quality and service they require has enabled us to continue to grow sales and contribution margins against strong prior year comparators and the headwinds of significant raw material and packaging inflation. Our reputation and relationship has been enhanced across several key customers both longstanding and new as we have successfully supported a number of critical product launches for them which contributes to current business performance and augurs well for future projects. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY WHAT WE DO MANUFACTURING Swallowfield plc is a market leader in the development formulation and supply of personal care and beauty products including its own portfolio of brands. Our business strategy is to leverage our Group expertise resources and assets our offer to meet a variety of customer needs around cost quality complexity and leadtimes. Formulatory Expertise The majority of our sales are from formulations that we have either developed ourselves or jointly with our customers. This enables our relationships and specific contracts to be on a more secure long term partnership basis. OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTH FORMULATORY EXPERTISE Regulatory Expertise Packaging Solutions Innovation Geographical Flexibility Quality Customer Base Expertise in our Drive Categories ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 15 Over the last three years we have developed both organically and through acquisition a growing portfolio of brands that are owned and managed by the Group and which we control from formulation through to distribution. The acquisition of The Brand Architekts in June 2016 has significantly accelerated this owned brand pillar and brought critical mass to our portfolio now representing 24 of Group revenues in the period. The convergence of a number of macro trends has created a significant and demonstrable opportunity for smaller more agile companies to create and profitably grow wellcrafted and well positioned brands in the Personal Care and Beauty sector. National retailers are keen to support brands that can differentiate their offering and thereby drive shopper loyalty. Digital channels and social media allow brands to deliver well targeted fast and flexible consumer communication campaigns at a fraction of the cost of traditional media. Smaller companies are able to identify trends and develop new products without the time consuming and complex decisionmaking processes that can often be innovation quality cost efficiency and service. The development of our owned brands adds a further level of diversification to managing this risk and now represents 24 of Group sales. PRODUCT QUALITY Product quality is a key strength of the Group and failure to maintain a high standard of quality and safety would have a severe impact on service levels customer relationships and have financial repercussions. We have formalised development protocols to ensure the products we design are safe fit for purpose and comply with all legal requirements working with our suppliers to prepare detailed product component and material specifications and ensure correct materials are chosen and specified and that the products are clearly labelled for any markets in which they are sold. The Groups quality assurance procedures are reviewed continuously with improvements made as appropriate. The Group is subject to frequent internal and external safety environmental and quality audits covering both accreditations held and our customers required operating standards. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 25 LABOUR COSTS PRICES AND SUPPLY The Group along with other businesses will face the risk of inflationary pressures through commodities cost increases further driven by currency weakness post Brexit the National Living Wage and other ongoing legislative changes. The Group in the normal course of its business transacts in and holds various currencies and follows a policy of managing currency exposure through natural hedging wherever possible. The Group maintains a high level of expertise in its purchasing and supply chain team The team seeks to cultivate strong relationships with major suppliers to ensure continuity of supply at competitive prices. The regular renovation and innovation across our products can help to manage margin pressures in an effective manner as far as the competitive environment allows. Ongoing capital investment and improvements in operational efficiency help reduce the impacts of inflation. ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT The market place remains challenging and there is an uncertain macroeconomic outlook following the vote to leave the EU. Our focus on executing our clear strategy outlined earlier in this report has improved our ability to deliver the innovation quality and service requirements of our manufacturing business customers which alongside the progress made on our owned brands both developed internally and through acquisition leaves us well placed to navigate any potential macro uncertainty. CYBER SECURITY The Group along with other businesses is exposed to the risk of increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks aimed at causing business disruption capture of data for financial gain general embarrassment and reputational damage or that the Groups data privacy protective measures are considered by regulators to be inadequate. PENSION FUND DEFICIT The revaluation of the one defined benefit pension scheme on a technical provision basis at each reporting date can cause large fluctuations in valuations based on factors outside the Groups control. There is an agreed deficit recovery plan fixed until July 2025 or until a new schedule is agreed based on the next triennial valuation which will be at 5 April 2017.