 Ice rinks Providing tailored packages from supplyonly to full turnkey solutions including bespoke structures VIP hospitality and catering. Our ice experts have designed and delivered rinks in iconic locations across the UK including Hyde Park Winter Wonderland the Natural History Museum and Tower of London. Our Offering Temporary Structures From triple deck structures to INovation buildings that look feel like permanent environments. Events include the Ryder Cup and Cheltenham Festival where our iconic triple deck structure is installed. Demountable seating Whether you are the next Olympic Organising Committee looking for thousands of temporary seats or a local sports club requiring a small grandstand we have both the products and the people to deliver your temporary seating infrastructure to the highest standards. Annual Report Accounts 2017 8 ARENA GROUP 1761 Arena Group dates as far back at 1761 with a company set up by Sir Richard Edgington to manufacture and sell tents flags ship ropes and decorations for public events. 20002007 Under the ownership of Candover the business becomes the premier temporary seating and structures business in the UK 2007 Greg Lawless and Dermott Divilly buy Arena Structures and Arena Seating to form Arena Group. 2010 Growth continues with the companys first overseas base with 45 investment in Harlequin Marquees in Dubai UAE. 2011 DECEMBER Arena Group enhance the performance of our existing business. Growth Strategies We outlined four key components of our strategic plan as part of the IPO process in 2017. These four components are designed to help us deliver not only top line revenue growth but more importantly improvement in EBITDA margins that we believe will continue to create demonstrable shareholder value over the coming years. Geographic expansion Future geographic expansion will be initially focused on the US where the Group currently has approximately one per cent market share and a predominantly Upper Midwest and East Coast presence. An improved presence on the West Coast would bolster the businesss national tenting reach and allow the servicing of national customers across the entire North American continent on a more economic basis. Product Extension We intend to replicate our UK multiproduct offering in other parts of the Group. We will continue to review and expand our product range and service capabilities in all regions to ensure we are providing as broad a product offering as possible to our customers in each region. The April 2017 acquisition of Wernick Events a seating and mass participation business based in Coventry is a good example of this. This acquisition added some 24000 tiered seats to our existing stock of 76000 but also allowed us to enter the fast growing mass participation sports market in the UK where we now deliver over 300 events each year for Cancer Research UK and other event organisers. Reduction of seasonality Our business by upon short term European seasonal workers and as such the Group considers that there is no material risk from Brexit. Annual Report Accounts 2017 24 Regional Highlights UK Europe Introduction Arena UK Europe moved into its new sixacre stateoftheart site in April 2017 with 3700sqm of warehouse space and modern offices over two storeys providing a centralised operations base servicing structures seating interior design carpentry and ice rinks. Having such an impressive base for our operations has delivered greater efficiencies better serving the Groups operations and providing new employment and career progression for our people. The move into the new St Ives hub was backed up with the creation of a new sales and project management office in Membury and a huge centralised furniture warehouse supporting our UK events and the Groups London tableware operation Well Dressed Tables. The floatation and subsequent investment into infrastructure has underpinned our acquisition of GLD Productions adding experienced staff new product ranges and new clients to our furniture hire division. The sheer scale of our inventory of events equipment is staggering and was boosted by the purchase of the seating and mass participation divisions of Wernick Events including more than 30000 temporary seats back in the spring. Outlook for 2018 2018 looks set to be an even bigger year. We have renewed many of our longterm contracts and have a number of fantastic new projects providing a whole set of exciting challenges for our delivery teams. Its a Ryder Cup year and we will contractor for the entire project. Beginning in May and completing in September Harlequin Arenas team were rightly proud of the finished work which stands as a strong example of how the company can transform existing spaces. CJ Cup The CJ Cup is the first PGA Toursanctioned regular season tournament to be held in South Korea and as such is creating huge interest not just in Korea but internationally. Asia Tents Arena was contracted to provide extensive temporary event infrastructure at The Club Nine Bridges on Jeju Island for the tournament which took place from October 16th22nd 2017. We provided multiple single and doubledeck hospitality structures fully fitted out with bespoke interiors and balconies to accommodate 20 sponsors. REVENUE EMPLOYEES 2016 2017 Product offering Temporary structures Seating Interiors Climate control Furniture 19.3m 15.4m 174 ARENA GROUP 30 Annual Report Accounts 2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Introduction Arenas Corporate Social Responsibility policy has two primary focuses firstly our employees and local communities and secondly the environment and sustainability. In both areas we strive to meet the specific needs and interests of our stakeholders that also align with our Company goals. Employees Community Our objectives are to Improve the health and wellness of our employees Provide a supportive work environment enabling employees to develop within the group and fulfil their professional and life goals Activities Employee Survey An Employee Survey was carried out in each division in February 2018 reporting overall job and workplace satisfaction within each division and seeking recommendations for change.