 The Groups existing UK presence means it is wellplaced to deliver on the potential of its licensed product portfolio in this market. However the Group is also focusing on opportunities in other geographical markets and is working to broaden its network of international commercial import and distribution partnerships with this in mind. For more information on the Groups strategy which is seeking to better leverage the Groups strengths along with developments this year turn to pages 18 and 19. The Groups focus centres upon the manufacture procurement and supply of unlicensed medicines specials and special obtains to UK pharmacy chains pharmaceutical wholesalers and hospitals and on leveraging the product licensing opportunities offered by this market. 10 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Chief Executive Officers review Focusing and simplifying around our best growth opportunities The impact of the actions taken to confront the challenges we have faced leave the Group with a clean balance sheet and a leaner operating structure on which we intend to build and grow. The Groups profitability runrate has been materially improved and we are now wellplaced to take advantage of existing and future opportunities within our core businesses. The Specials division Specials remains profitable and cash generative providing a strong platform for our development without the need to establish our own local presence. Consolidating our position in the specials market Our Specials division continues to perform robustly and reliably and is cash generative. This resilient performance is particularly encouraging given the increasing competitiveness and regulatory pressure within the specials market. We have cemented our market leading position by agreeing new longterm exclusive supply contracts with three of the largest UK wholesale and pharmacy chains being AAH Pharmaceuticals Limited Bestway Panacea Healthcare Limited trading as Well Pharmacy and Phoenix Healthcare Distribution Limited. Quantum Pharmaceutical Limited a business within the Specials division is the UK market leader in the supply of unlicensed medicines and around 89 of its volumes are under exclusive contracts. Our attention is now turning to driving operational efficiencies and improvements in the Specials division to underpin profitability and provide us with the commercial agility necessary to react to market dynamics. 2017 Niche portfolio breakdown 57 Total products 1 We are wellplaced to deliver future growth by focusing on our core Niche and Specials businesses. In developmentlicensing process Product licence received awaiting launch Launched or outlicensed 1 The portfolio breakdown defines individual products as those which vary with respect to their active pharmaceutical ingredient strength form or branding. 12 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Chief Executive Officers review continued NuPharm closure Following a period of sustained trading losses the Board took the decision in October 2016 to commence consultation on the closure of NuPharm. Trading ceased at NuPharm fully integrated at Lamda absorbing around 60 of Lamdas total development capacity this year. The business has also continued to generate strong development supply and royalty revenue from a range of thirdparty projects. Specials division Specials The Specials division delivered another solid performance during the year generating 89 of the Groups adjusted EBITDA before Group costs. The division provides a strong platform for our product development and licensing activities as well as valuable insights into trends within the specials market that we use to inform our new product development decisions. Revenue increased by 7 to 57.6m 2016 53.6m and adjusted EBITDA contracted by 6 to 10.1m 2016 10.7m. Sales order volumes in Quantum Pharmaceutical Limited QPL increased by 6 supported by volumes gained as a result of the acquisition of 281 Sainsburys stores by Lloyds Pharmacy in September. This was partly offset by the impact of our licensing of Glyco in August 2016 which cannibalised some existing specials sales. The drive to secure efficiency savings across the NHS continues to create pricing pressures and changes to prescribing trends in favour of more costeffective medicines. We are seeing this most notably through a gradual shift towards prescription of tariff medicines in place of clinically equivalent but sometimes more expensive nontariff alternatives. This has been a feature of the industry for a number of years and we are continuing to manage this dynamic through a variety of initiatives including margin improvement through the manufacture of more products inhouse as opposed to external is manufactured from MHRAlicensed facilities and its licensed product portfolio hold significant value potential beyond the UK which is where the Group is currently strongest and wellestablished. The Group is working to realise this potential by expanding the addressable market for these products through establishing a broader network of international commercial partnerships with a particular focus on exporting and localised manufacture and distribution agreements in order to remove the need to build these capabilities internally. The Specials division occupies a leading position in the specials market is highly profitable and cash generative and benefits from a number of exclusive supply relationships with some of the markets biggest wholesale and pharmacy businesses. It therefore provides a stable platform for the Groups product licensing activities. In an environment of price regulation and increasing competitiveness it is important to take steps to ensure this position is maintained. This strategic priority therefore focuses on actions to preserve and reinforce the Groups advantages and strengths within the specials market which includes preserving key customer relationships eliminating the cash drain of lossmaking operations identifying and delivering on opportunities to improve efficiency and profitability and deemphasising activities that do not support the longterm growth potential of the Specials and Niche divisions. 19 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report ACTIVITIES Strategic review performed in August 2016 to assess the Groups direction businesses products and priorities leading to increased focus on UL2L developments in the Niche division.