 Applications include cataract replacement vision correction prostate surgery varicose vein treatment and mole treatment in addition to tattoo removal teeth whitening freckle removal and wrinkle reduction. SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH GH works with some of most prestigious Big Science projects in the world. We are a primary supplier of many critical optical components such as very large frequency conversion crystals used in the worlds most powerful laser system at the National Ignition Facility NIF at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. We supply similar products to the Commissariat lnergie atomique et aux nergies alternatives CEA and other inertial confinement fusion ICF programs around the world. Image Julie Russell Image James Pryatel OUR SECTORS AND APPLICATIONS GOOCH HOUSEGO PLC 10 ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Set against a backdrop of favourable market conditions your company has delivered a strong financial performance in 2017. This has been delivered through a mix of organic and acquisitive growth. Demand for certain of Gooch Housegos products particularly from the microelectronics and undersea fibre optic communications sectors reached unprecedented levels during the year. The resulting record order book presented a significant challenge for some of the Companys manufacturing operations. Investments made in recent years in lean manufacturing and continuous improvement meant that GH was in part able to respond to this demand through an enhanced ability to match capacity with demand across the Companys various manufacturing locations. Combined with significant investments during the year in people and in the latest manufacturing equipment these initiatives made it possible to satisfy the needs of our customers and begin to reduce lead times towards the yearend. In February 2017 GH acquired StingRay Optics LLC StingRay a USA based designer and manufacturer of specialist optical and optomechanical systems. StingRay was a particularly significant acquisition as it provides GH with advanced optical systems design capabilities for harsh and demanding applications. These new capabilities support the Companys twin strategic objectives of moving up the value chain and achieving greater diversification by enabling GH to provide systemslevel solutions to Aerospace Defence AD customers. In 2017 the StingRay acquisition helped sales into the AD sector approach one third of total revenues. StingRay has delivered a consistently strong performance since acquisition. The acquisitions completed in the previous year Alfalight and Kent Periscopes also made valuable contributions in 2017. The investment in people during 2017 represents an important enhancement of the skillsbase of GH and bodes well for the future. In order to meet the challenges of greater scale and complexity GH has chosen to focus on specific high growth products and markets. Recent recruitment has reflected the need for a higher level of specialisation across a wide range of business functions including manufacturing processes and systems business development human resources supplychain and research and development. These and planned future changes reflect a recent board review of the organisational structure of the GH that had the objective of ensuring that it be optimised for delivering sustainable growth over the long term as GH grows both organically and by acquisition. In successfully Our expectation is that with the addition of the new microelectronics business development executive we will be able to enhance our contribution to the new industrial laser systems that are currently in development. GHs ongoing operational performance improvement programme was instrumental in enabling us to meet the challenge of this years high growth rate. The major infrastructure projects in Fremont CA and Cleveland OH are now substantially complete. Investment in key skills lean processes and systems and the latest capital equipment was accelerated in sites that provide critical components for precision lasers used in microelectronic manufacturing namely Ilminster Fremont CA and Torquay. We have built on the good work done in previous years to further improve efficiency customer service and to establish a more scalable organisational model for future growth. Our ten manufacturing sites have been organised into three manufacturing centres. They are based on our sites areas of technical expertise namely Acousto Optic Electro Optic Precision Optics and Fibre Optics. Each manufacturing area has a leader and their role is to ensure best practice is shared there is process harmonisation and optimal allocation of resource. GH is in a strong positon financially and is well positioned to make further investment in the business. Market and Applications Industrial The industrial sector represents 57.4 of GHs revenue and is composed of a diverse range of industrial applications aligned to our world class photonic technologies including microelectronic manufacturing semiconductor manufacturing and test remote sensing metrology and optical communications. Our industrials division grew evaluate bolt on businesses in our core component technologies continued strong focus is being placed on acquisition opportunities that enhance the Companys ability to wrap electronics and software around core photonic products to yield systemlevel solutions. In February 2017 GH acquired StingRay Optics LLC a US based specialist designer and manufacturer of high performance GOOCH HOUSEGO PLC 24 ANNUAL REPORT 2017 STRA TEGIC REPORT optical and optomechanical subsystems for demanding defence and commercial applications. StingRay was founded in 2004 and has established itself as a market leading designer manufacturer and supplier of world class custom optical assemblies. The business has a proven capability in providing system level optical products for use in harsh environments to key US defence customers. StingRays product range covers laboratory ground based airborne unmanned aerial vehicles and space applications. The acquisition of StingRay is aligned with GHs strategic objectives of moving up the value chain and further diversification into the Aerospace Defence sector. Potential synergies include leveraging GHs greater reach through our global sales teams and our expertise in manufacturing infrared precision optics and specialist coatings. StingRay has performed very well since acquisition contributing 5.3 million to Group revenue and 1.6 million in profit before tax in the year. As a result of two key customers delaying the delivery of product from existing orders Kent Periscopes did not reach its threshold for the first tranche of its earnout to be triggered. Consequently the provision for a proportion of this payment approximately 0.