 I look forward to 2018 being a pivotal year in the development of the Group. John Samuel Chairman 18 April 2018 John Samuel Chairman Having now materially completed the development for the majority of our chosen applications the Group is focused on their commercialisation under IPrich capitallight business models. After many years of groundbreaking innovation we are now in the position of being able to engage meaningfully with major industry players around the world who are best placed to market and sell our technologies into the global markets they serve. Our applications are targeted at global scale industries the longterm viability of which are being threatened by increasing water constraints and pollution challenges. Xeros technologies materially improve sustainability whilst simultaneously delivering performance and economic benefits. In this respect Xeros represents a unique solution to a world already suffering from high water stress which will only increase with population growth and continued urbanisation. During the year we continued to demonstrate and prove the benefits of Xeros technology in our Cleaning and Tanning Technology businesses. We also established that we have the potential to create significant value with our Textile applications. In Cleaning Technologies we established a new business unit High Performance Workwear which made a number of acquisitions in the fifteen months to April 2018 to build a platform from which to serve firefighters across the US. The application of Xeros technology significantly reduces harmful contamination in firefighters expensive Personal Protective Equipment Officer Strategic review Xeros develops polymer based technologies which radically improve the sustainability performance and economics of water intensive processes dramatically reducing water chemistry energy and effluent whilst either meeting or exceeding the conventional quality standards for the materials being processed. We have established that our technologies can deliver these benefits in three worldscale industries cleaning tanning and textiles. We are now progressively commercialising applications in these sectors to generate profitable returns leveraging our intellectual property and knowhow with low capital requirements. Given the scale of the markets in which we operate our strategy is to commercialise our technology with partners who already have strong international market positions and who also demonstrate a strategic intent to deliver increased levels of sustainability. The disruptive nature of our technology enables the creation of new high valueadded business models and revenue streams. Where necessary we enter markets ourselves to prove out our propositions so that our prospective partners benefit from materially lower risk profiles when they join us in the commercialisation process. In order to accelerate the adoption of our technology we have increased and aligned our resources to each of the application areas that we are pursuing with the vast majority being applied to those with nearer term profitability. Commercialisation is in progress in our Cleaning Technologies business with Hotel Lodging and High Performance Workwear business units generating revenue of 2.0m and 0.2m respectively. We are targeting Tanning Technologies to deliver its first revenues in 2018 with Textile Technologies revenues in 2019 High Performance Workwear we have demonstrated that Xeros technology can improve cleaning results whilst simultaneously making garments look better for longer. In so doing we have the capacity to provide consumers with washing outcomes which are better cheaper and more environmentally friendly than conventional washing machine technology. We unveiled the XDrum TM technology at the Consumer Electronics Show CES in January 2018 following which we have entered into structured discussions with a number of major OEMs with the objective of licensing our technology. In response to the increasing amounts of microplastic pollution from synthetic fibres in fabrics and garments that are released when they are washed Xeros also unveiled its proprietary XFiltra TM technology at CES. The Company expects regulatory authorities across the world to increasingly demand that OEMs place such filters in their washing machines to reduce the microplastic pollution. Xeros XFiltra TM is a novel simple low cost solution to meet this need. A licensing process similar to that of XDrum TM is being developed as a potential revenue stream. The estimated global market size for domestic washing machines in 2015 was 119m units including 57m units sold in China. Hotel Lodging We entered the US market in 2013 with our own brand machines and an all requirements multiyear contract package which was sold and delivered by our own staff in combination with Forward Channel Partners. In 2017 we initiated a plan to transition to a business model whereby major market incumbents incorporate and sell our proprietary technology model met major milestones during the year with the release of the XConnect TM online portal. The portal provides complete operational financial and sustainability information with which to manage and optimise onpremise laundries. As part of our strategy to commercialise our technologies in China the Company joined the UK Department of International Trades mission to exhibit the countrys best advanced manufacturing and innovation companies at the International Industrial Fair in Shanghai in November 2017. Xeros was selected to participate alongside major UK brands and technologies including Jaguar Land Rover Dyson McLaren and The Graphene Institute. Xeros is now actively developing opportunities for the licensing of its Cleaning Technologies in China. In October 2017 we started to implement the relocation of all our US operations excluding High Performance Workwear into a new facility in Providence Rhode Island. It was commissioned in March 2018. The facility which benefits from favourable tax incentives will consolidate four office and warehouse locations and result in cost savings. Additional measures taken to increase penetration of the market included commercialising at scale our 16kg commercial washing machine to supplement our 25kg version. The first trial units were delivered to US customers in late 2016 with 88 commissioned by the end of 2017. Including both our 25kg and 16kg machine options the total number of machines commissioned and generating revenue grew by 169 during the year commencing 1 January 2017 to a total of 381 at the end of December 2017.