 Recurring licence fee for access to Eagle Eye AIR 3. Per issuance X pence linked to value 4. Per redemption 35 times issuance 1 Customer uses multiple issuance channels and shopsdines in many locations online and in store receiving multiple offer types along the way 2 Data is fed into the retailers CRM in realtime to analyse preferences and deliver insight to target customers with truly relevant offers 3 Customer receives offers via mobile based on his interests and saves them to his digital wallet 4 Retailer can track customer activity through to redemption optimising campaigns in realtime to maximise success 5 This process can happen multiple times during one shopping trip to truly capitalise on the customer engagement opportunity AIR AIR Your CRM Brain AIR CHANNEL LOCATION REWARD Offer Next best action Eagle Eye at a glance Our core purpose To allow businesses to create a realtime connection with their customers Our strategy and progress What we deliver One platform many products One customer view Accurate reporting Easy to integrate easy to use At scale securely and realtime Omni issuance omni redemption Win and bring customers onto Eagle Eye AIR Transact driving higher redemption volumes through the platform Deepen relationships through the use of additional products STRATEGY PROGRESS 233 customer count European partnership with TCC Global 6m raised to capitalise on market opportunity 60.4m redemption volumes Asda full year impact Brand campaigns through FB client base Sainsburys transacting from Q4 175 tier 1 revenue 20 FB revenue means they are looking for alternative routes to get new schemes to market quicker presenting a sizeable market opportunity for Eagle Eyes innovative loyalty offering. Measuring the effect of social media There is increased pressure for businesses to measure marketing Return on Investment ROI across social media channels and prove that its a valuable revenue stream. This can be solved through realtime redemption capability linking online to offline. Brands using Eagle Eye can send personalised offers to consumers and track redemptions in realtime enabling businesses to invest back into the consumers social media channels. This realtime element ensures campaigns can be tracked and optimised to maximise success rates whilst delivering genuine value to consumers. Through bridging online to offline creating digital connections to track behaviour eventually retailers can augment the shopping trip beyond the internet and build a richer single view of the customer. We are uniquely placed to address these global issues which retailers are facing today by helping them create an intelligent realtime connection with their customers. Win Transact Deepen Following my appointment in September 2016 our focus has been on building on our strategy to become a global digital marketing leader. To achieve this we aspire to be Better Bigger Faster by improving in three core areas of customer interaction Win bringing more customers onto the Eagle Eye AIR platform Transact driving higher redemption volumes through the platform and Deepen building relationships with customers as the breadth of our product portfolio becomes more developed. 1. Win We strategy have grown by 58 yearonyear to 60.4m 2016 38.4m. Volume growth was primarily driven by the full year benefit of Asda volumes the first phase rollout for Sainsburys in the fourth quarter of 2017 and increased brand activity through redemption outlets. Using Asda as a nationwide redemption channel from July 2016 to October 2016 Coke Zero Sugar ran a promotional campaign across the AIR platform that generated a redemption rate of over 10 compared to the typical redemption rate of a traditional analogue campaign of 0.52 Shopper Technology InstituteJuniper Research. This meaningful uplift in redemptions is proof that Eagle Eye can successfully drive higher redemption rates through the power of digital. As part of this campaign Eagle Eye formed a new partnership with the life cycle social advertising company Driftrock. This unique partnership now enables the success rate of advertising on social media channels to be measured through to redemption. During the year we have successfully powered digital campaigns for leading drinks brands through the food and beverage network. These brands include Diageo AB InBev Pernod Ricard Heineken and Suntory. Working with each brand and their media agency the Company has coordinated a number of promotions targeted by region using a combination of web landing pages programmatic display traditional advertising game and dating apps plus social media lead ads. The redemption outlets benefited from the increased footfall and spend per head and fraud is reduced as all the campaigns have used unique Chief Executives review I was delighted to to the platform to allow customers to part pay for membership in points and top up with cash. Furthermore weve also added the AA as an issuance partner to deliver offers to their customers for redemption in MB outlets. Revenue generated from client subscription fees and transactions over the network represented 68 of total revenue 2016 80. This reflects the progress we are making in deepening Eagle Eyes system capability within major accounts which will open up recurring transactional revenues in future periods. Product development In 2017 we continued to innovate and enhance our software platform to meet the demands of our customers and evolving consumer trends. Performance improvements were made to support our growing Tier 1 grocery volumes while we extended reporting and relationship management capabilities for issuance partners. With the addition of supplier funding functionality we have created the ability for brands to interact with retailers loyalty schemes through holding buckets of points or value for discount that can be used in targeted promotions to end consumers all redeemable in store or online through direct integration with the point of sale. Our enhanced wallet capabilities add flexibility to retailers loyalty offering allowing consumers to be targeted with specific promotions. AIR has now been integrated to both Android and Apple Pay to enable payments offers and rewards to be saved directly.