 Among these new customers were Welk Resorts a collection of premiere destination and travel resorts in California SLS Las Vegas a luxury boutique hotel and Casino Charleston Battery a football club from South Carolina and Museo Anahuacalli a museum in Coyocan Mexico. Also in Mexico accesso Siriusware secured its largest ever agreement with Experiencias Xcaret which is rolling out 400 salespoints across its 6 luxury ecotourism venues. accesso Siriusware also won its second European contract during the period with Watercourse Distillery Limited in Ireland which owns the Jameson whiskey brand. This accesso Technology Group plc 7 Chief Executives Statement continued represented a joint win with accesso Passport which also is now used by the NFL Experience in Times Square New York and The CNN Studio Tour in Atlanta Georgia. Within accesso ShoWare we continue to make good progress in the live event ticketing space supporting concerts given by Ed Sheeran Bruno Mars John Mayer Green Day and Jack Johnson among others during the period. We also rolled out our complete solution for Toluca FC and its new 31000 seat football stadium. Greenfield Opportunities Last years acquisitions of Ingresso and TE2 have brought a range of new capability to accesso and in addition to supporting our product offerings in our existing verticals have enabled the Group to make its first steps into a new set of entirely greenfield areas including Londons West End Theatre market and the Healthcare space. With Ingresso as part of our offering we are now able to tap in to the vast thirdparty distribution market helping our clients find new routes to buyers for their tickets while increasing the platforms ability to serve its existing clients by significantly enhancing the range of inventory it can access. We have established connectivity between Ingresso and preexisting accesso systems and the initial accesso clients inventory is now available via Ingressos global distribution system. This acquisition has also helped us reach further into Londons fragmented West End Theatre market and will over time allow accesso to exploit the significant inefficiencies that exist within the travel and leisure industry. Ingresso delivered calendar yearonyear growth of 67 achieved with a strong showing across all its major channels and we continue to invest in their distribution technology paying particular attention to its highvolume highspeed sale capabilities. Whilst our distribution partner Amazon announced postperiod end that they are discontinuing their ticketing distribution business we have been delighted to welcome major customer wins from Ticketmaster UK and Superbreak.com a major UK tour operator. We see broader future opportunity with the focus we have made on integrating with our other accesso offerings and facilitating access to the wide range of thirdparty distribution channels that are important to our customers. As the distribution landscape continues to evolve and modernise a key part of our strategy is to underpin our core ticketing technologies with multipoint distribution capabilities and Ingresso provides that critical infrastructure and knowhow. The July acquisition of TE2 focused on translating sales growth into profit. By making these adjustments the Group is more readily comparable against a business that does not have the same acquisition history and sharebased payment policy. Additionally these are the measures commonly used by the Groups investor base. Key Financial Metrics Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2017 was 133.4m an increase of 30.1 on the previous years result of 102.5m benefitting from our increased global footprint the broader range of markets we now serve and the acquisition of Ingresso at the end of March and TE2 in July. This growth was delivered despite challenging weather events impacting certain clients an earthquake in Mexico City unprecedented forest fires in California and to a lesser extent European terrorrelated incidents. The impact of foreign exchange movements on revenue or costs was not material. accesso tracks a number of specific operational metrics that influence Group revenue as follows Total transactional ticket sales including Ingresso distribution increased 20.2 with like for like increasing 14.8 Total ticket volumes processed via our hosted solutions increased 30.9 exceeding 100m for the first time. On a like for like basis the increase was 28.0 North America now accounts for 70 of eCommerce ticket volume 2016 89 with Europe accelerating to 25 2016 9 42 of eCommerce volume now takes place via a mobile device 2016 35 accesso LoQueue like for like attendance data was broadly flat The gross profit margin in 2017 was 55.0 compared to 54.