 Group revenue is up 15 9 at constant currencies and profit before taxation and highlighted items after incurring the development costs for new digital content products is 12.0 million 2016 13.0 million above market expectations. The Board is recommending a final dividend of 5.6 pence per share to shareholders on the register on 25 August 2017. This represents an increase in full year dividend of 5 and continues Bloomsburys dividend growth each year for over 20 years. The past year was Bloomsburys 30th and the 23rd year of listing on the London Stock Exchange. Looking back to the time of the 1994 listing the proposition was to be a mediumsized independent publisher of works of the highest literary and commercial quality. Although much has changed in publishing since then Bloomsbury remains true to its original publishing mission. The current evolutionary phase is the digital resources growth strategy Bloomsbury 2020. This will accelerate the expansion of the Groups portfolio of highquality digital products for academic libraries and for professionals. To support Bloomsbury 2020 we are investing in new products technology platforms to fulfil them and B2B sales processes. Early in 2016 we simplified the organisational structure. The Group now has just two publishing divisions namely Consumer and Non Consumer supported by global functions for sales marketing production technology and finance. The new Consumer division brings together under Emma Hopkin the Adult and Childrens trade publishing divisions 5281 2017 currency adjusted 46664 24141 7326 1962 80093 2016 reported 38588 20635 5956 1269 66448 Where no reconciliation is provided above for alternative performance measures the information is included in the narrative to perform a reconciliation. Wendy Pallot Group Finance Director Financial Review 14 Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Bloomsbury AR2017proof 6.indd 14 6122017 13337 PM 25133.04 12 June 2017 131 PM Proof 6 Group Overview Group Strategic Summary Bloomsbury is a global publisher of books and other media for general readers children students researchers and professionals. Bloomsbury offers authors access to these multiple markets in multiple formats throughout the world in print through ebooks through digital downloads and apps in schools in libraries in universities and in terrestrial and internet bookshops with entrepreneurial teams in New York London New Delhi and Sydney serving all territories. Our overall strategy is unchanged and is to grow a high quality global publishing business delivering high value to its authors and other contributors readers and shareholders. We achieve this by publishing authors and works of excellence and originality delivering professional services to those seeking publication combining tradition and technology to achieve excellence and establishing solid profit streams. Area of focus Reason for the focus Growing NonConsumer revenues so that they match or exceed our Consumer revenues NonConsumer revenues have higher margins are generally a more predictable revenue stream are less reliant on the retail bookshop environment and have more digital opportunities. They are typically derived from our Academic Professional common passion for promoting the enjoyment of reading and high quality literature that is often cutting edge and provides new authors with opportunities to establish themselves. We have a substantial Childrens division focused on promoting literacy for young readers of all abilities and ages including specialist ranges for HiLow pupils high age low attainment which provide parents and teachers with the tools needed to engage their children in reading. Support by Bloomsbury In addition to our direct commercial activities and with a focus mainly on promoting literature literacy and education we actively support numerous organisations worldwide including schools universities libraries and other good causes and charities. The following examples illustrate the range of our support worldwide Corporate volunteering and educational development Our collaboration between Methuen Drama and Prison Reading Groups PRG supports and encourages the reading of plays by the inmate community within HM prisons. For example we provide gratis copies of the books and arrange for playwrights and authors to visit the prisons to run drama workshops. A Bloomsbury UK employee recently travelled to Nigeria to train 170 teachers on the importance of reading and how to set up an effective classroom library. Our Australia office supports the Indigenous Literacy Foundation with fundraising and time given for administrative support. Our India office in partnership with the Hope Foundation recently published Ten Steps To Good Health a guide for children particularly in schools in nonurban areas. The book is promoted through the India state education system for distribution to school workforce is set out in the Annual Report on Remuneration. The Committee also considers environmental social and governance issues and risk when reviewing executive pay quantum and structure. 52 Bloomsbury Publishing Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Bloomsbury AR2017proof 6.indd 52 6122017 13343 PM 25133.04 12 June 2017 131 PM Proof 6 Remuneration Policy Summary policy table Element Purpose and link to strategy Operation Maximum Performance targets Salary Reflects the value of the individual and their role Reflects skills and experience over time Provides an appropriate level of basic fixed income avoiding excessive risktaking arising from over reliance on variable income Reviewed annually and normally effective 1 March Takes periodic comparisons against companies with similar characteristics and sector comparators No maximum base salary or maximum salary increase operated Annual increases are typically linked to those of the wider workforce Where salaries are below market levels e.g. upon promotion or a change of role higher increases may be awarded where appropriate NA Annual bonus Incentivises annual delivery of financial and strategic goals Maximum bonus only payable for achieving demanding targets Paid in cash Not pensionable 100 of salary Group profit majority Strategic objectives including personal objectives minority.