 As we seek to show throughout this Annual Report successful pharmaceutical innovation delivered responsibly adds value not only for patients and shareholders but also for healthcare systems and the communities in which we work. The challenge Leif has already described in his Chairmans Statement how in addition to the wellknown challenges that confront the pharmaceutical sector the loss of exclusivity of several of our major brands largely dened AstraZenecas nancial performance in 2012. I believe that our ability to provide an acceptable level of return to you in the years ahead will come from an undiluted focus on delivering great medicines to patients through innovative science and global excellence in development and commercialisation. Underpinning that focus are three priorities achieving scientic leadership returning AstraZeneca to growth and making it a great place to work. Across the entire pipeline of 84 projects 39 successfully progressed to the next stage of testing in 2012 including 12 projects into rst human testing. Nineteen projects were withdrawn. While we met our target for Phase III investment decisions for the year we did not meet our value targets for those projects. To increase the value of our pipeline we aim to access the best science and molecules regardless of origin. Our portfolio was strengthened during the year by a number of successful business development initiatives. Our collaboration with Amgen encompasses ve clinical stage projects in inammation including brodalumab which has increases development costs. The industry is using the full range of innovative technologies to achieve and accelerate product approvals. Additionally greater emphasis has been placed on demonstrating Proof of Concept which delivers candidate drugs with supporting data demonstrating that the drug results in a clinical change with an acceptable endpoint or surrogate in patients with the disease. Organisationally companies are addressing productivity challenges in a variety of ways. These include focusing on a dened set of therapeutic areas and exiting those where success has been poor restructuring RD organisations to create clearer accountabilities and smaller more entrepreneurial units revamping decision making and governance so that unsuccessful compounds are identied early before signicant costs have been incurred reducing costs and improving process efciency using Lean business improvement tools such as Six Sigma and outsourcing a collaborationcentric business model that includes academic collaborations and codevelopment agreements that provide for the sharing of development risks and costs with external partners looking externally for high quality science technologies targets drug candidates andor entire drug pipelines. Regulatory requirements Our industry continues to be highly regulated. This reects public interest in ensuring access to safe effective and high quality medicines that are responsibly tested manufactured and commercialised. Given the nature and geographic scope of our business we maintain important relationships with health authorities worldwide as they assess the safety efcacy and quality of medicines. These include the FDA in the US the EMA in the EU the Japan Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency and the SFDA in Europe and the US continuing to implement abbreviated approvals pathways for biosimilar versions innovative biologics are likely to become increasingly subject to competition from biosimilars. Estimated pharmaceutical sales 2016 bn 371.8 1 17 211.5 30.6 18 16.9 194. 1 127 .4 35.5 29.7 21.8 Strategy Our strategy AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2012 20 economic growth especially in Emerging Markets. While the hurdles to adopting new products have been raised there remains a willingness to pay for differentiated innovative medicines. We further believe that AstraZeneca has the skills and capabilities to take advantage of these opportunities and turn them into longterm value. We will do this by exploiting and further developing our competitive advantage an innovation and scienceled organisation capturing the best of biologics small molecules immunotherapies and antibody engineering. Our revised strategy is to compete as a global biopharmaceutical business delivering great medicines to patients through innovative science and excellence in development and commercialisation global in that we believe we combine global reach with local customer relationships and have the ability to meet healthcare needs in both developed and developing markets efciently and effectively biopharmaceutical in that we will develop both chemical small molecule and biological large molecule medicines available by prescription targeting those product categories where medical innovation or brand equity will continue to enable us to make acceptable levels of return on our investments Building trust The pharmaceutical industry faces a challenge in building and maintaining trust particularly with governments and regulators. The last to 30 of highrisk CV patients identied as being at gastrointestinal GI risk discontinue or take deliberate breaks from their lowdose ASA and one of the main reasons is GI problems placing them at risk of a CV event after discontinuation. Following the rst national approval in the EU in August 2011 Axanum is now approved in 27 countries and has been launched in 11 countries. BrilintaBrilique is an oral antiplatelet treatment for ACS in a new chemical class called cyclopentyltriazolopyrimidines which are selective adenosine diphospate ADP receptor antagonists that act on the P2Y12 ADPreceptor. BrilintaBrilique remains under regulatory review in 23 patient health. The benet of BrilintaBrilique on CV thrombotic events including CV mortality observed in patients who have had an ACS event supports continued study in other areas of CV disease. The current PARTHENON programme is designed to include more than 51000 patients worldwide. Diabetes Type 2 diabetes is a chronic progressive disease and patients often require multiple medications to control their condition. The disease continues to grow as a consequence of western lifestyles and it increasingly affects people at a younger age. There are a number of established oral generic and branded classes such as biguanides and sulfonylureas. However newer classes such as oral dipeptidyl peptidase IV DPPIV inhibitors and GLP1 agonists are successfully entering the market by offering effective blood sugar control and improved tolerability. Several new classes of drugs are in development in this area including sodiumglucose cotransporter 2 SGLT2.