3 million. The total US surgical suture market is estimated to be in excess of 1 billion and is dominated by a few major brands and provides a significant opportunity for the Group in the medium term. We continue to access new markets in particular Asia Pacific and have recently hired a new sales manager to target Australasia for both our RESORBA and LiquiBand brand ranges. In RD we continue to work on preparing a range of different antibiotics that can be incorporated in our biosurgical products. We expect to file for European approval in the second half of 2018. ActivHeal ActivHeal is our range of high quality woundcare dressings specifically designed to offer the NHS significant cost savings without compromising on clinical outcomes or patient care. Sales of ActivHeal increased by 4 to 6.3 million 2015 6.0 million reversing the decline that was reported in 2016 however the market remains difficult with increasing price pressure becoming evident. The Group has enhanced its education and marketing materials as well as broadened its product range with our antimicrobial and atraumatic foam dressing ranges. Advanced Medical Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 06 OEM Our OEM business supports our partners with a multiproduct portfolio of advanced woundcare products and bulk materials. We have been working with many of the worlds major wound care companies for a number of years providing manufacturing services to supply their woundcare dressings engagement that we will continue to be successful. We value their commitment and determination to achieve and deliver good results. Our working environment encourages openness teamwork an understanding of others needs and the ability to make a difference. We continue to develop the talent at AMS by training and by providing a place to work where our employees feel valued incentivised and fulfilled. Summary and outlook 2017 has seen another good performance by the Group. T rading in the current financial year has begun well and is in line with the Boards expectations. With our increasing portfolio of products high quality business partners the opportunities we see from our RD pipeline and our strong financial position the Board remains optimistic about our longterm prospects and the potential for further growth. Chris Meredith Chief Executive Officer 17 April 2018 Advanced Medical Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 08 Our Strategic Objectives Creating quality outcomes by delivering on our strategy To become the best developer producer and supplier of innovative medical devices in the areas of accelerating healing and managing wounds minimising adverse surgical outcomes and sealing and closing tissue. There is a rising incidence of both chronic and acute wounds. Predisposing factors such as obesity diabetes and old age are on the increase. There is also an increasing demand from emerging healthcare markets. A continuing trend towards minimally invasive surgery further provides opportunities for innovations and market growth. Healthcare economics demand costeffective product solutions. AMSs mission is to meet these needs through our in house regulatory expertise with strong marketing collateral backed by clinical evidence. Following approval in 2015 we launched our PHMB foam dressing into Europe in 2016. PHMB is an antimicrobial effective against several bacteria including amongst others Staphylococcus Aureus including the methicillin resistant type MRSA and Escherichia Coli EColi. This dressing may be used throughout the healing process on moderate to heavily exuding chronic and acute wounds that are infected or are at risk of infection as well as on pressure ulcers leg and foot ulcers diabetic ulcers and surgical wounds. In 2017 we expanded our product offering by obtaining European approval for our Foam Lite NonBorder dressing and our High Performance Dressing. In 2018 we intend to extend our Foam Lite range further with a Foam Lite Border variant. We continue to work on extending our advanced woundcare portfolio with focus on extending our antimicrobial range improving the absorption capacity of our dressings and combining a number of materials to enhance product performance. We are developing a surgical range of dressings for the US market for which we expect to receive approval in 2018. The Business Unit also manufactures rollstock foam. Our medical grade hydrophilic polyurethane foam is characterised by its ultrasoft openpored medium density structure. It is very conformable and offers a high rate of absorbancy with good lateral control and fluid uptake. We also supply film membranes with excellent moisture vapour transmission rates as well as filmfoam membranes that have applications in scar reduction. Rollstock have defined the principles and expectations of how we will operate together to deliver success as the Company continues to grow. Care Fair Dare. Throughout 2017 we ran a series of work shops and communications with our employees to embed our Care Fair Dare culture. We have listened to the feedback which has been received and developed our principles and expectations. These will now form part of our appraisal system and recruitment of potential new employees. Ethical Standards We recognise the importance of operating a business in an ethical manner. AMS has set appropriate standards and policies to uphold all laws relevant to prevention of bribery and corruption in all jurisdictions in which we operate. The Group also has in place policies and procedures covering Gifts and Hospitality Whistleblowing the Modern Slavery Act the Market Abuse Regulations General Data Protection Regulations the Criminal Finance Act and Equality. AMS has introduced compulsory Ethics T raining which all Group employees must complete to reinforce their understanding of the policies in place.