 We provide a comprehensive range of services to support todays multichannel retail environment. From order management to delivery and assembly of goods in the home we can streamline the process and deliver customer satisfaction. Asset utilisation. In a competitive environment we work to ensure operations are efficient and assets are utilised. Approaches include collaborative warehousing shared transport options as well as redeploying our own assets to support peak trading periods. Transformation. We continuously improve operations and innovate and transform them through the introduction of new technologies and approaches. Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 STRATEGIC REPORT OUR BUSINESS 58 of Group 50 of Group HOW WE ARE RESPONDING Delivering for our customers We pride ourselves on fulfilling our existing customers home delivery needs alongside building solid solutions that allow both retailers and consumers to benefit from the simplest and most seamless fulfilment methods available in todays market. Supported by customer results and reviews eg. TrustPilot. Continuously improving our operations We have a large continuous improvement team tasked with optimising and improving operations. This coupled with a proactive approach to collaboration provides a realistic and highly valuable benefit for customers who are looking to reduce their overall cost to serve whilst maintaining high service levels. Evolving our capability We continue to work with large customers to meet their multichannel needs by developing smarter and more efficient ways of working. We continue to introduce new capabilities for example the implementation of total shareholder returns. WHAT WE DO We do it through our values Contract type OUR CAPABILITY Our IT teams can specify and deploy warehouse management systems manage them inlife and migrate them to alternative platforms. Our HR team can transfer employees in line with TUPE legislation handle large workforces build effective teams strengthen employee engagement and develop employees. Our property team can source warehouses across the UK and Ireland manage leases and seek collaborative opportunities to maximise space. Our environment team support the improvement and delivery of more sustainable operations. Contracts are competitively priced and see us own the principal financial opportunity along with manageable and controllable risks. Greater deployment of resources across contracts offers improved returns. Closed book operations 40 Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 13 Strategic report Governance Directors remuneration report Directors report Independent auditors report Accounts CO2 Trust Integrity Passion Proactivity Togetherness Excellence Our Strategy Our strategic focus and business performance will continue to be driven by the following objectives Put the customer at the centre with sector focused strategies. Deliver integrated and consistent services to optimise operations. Differentiate market position through innovative solutions. Invest in our people to become an aspirational organisation to work for. Delivering improvements for our customers in our existing operations and retaining existing contracts. Acquiring new customers through improved prospecting process and innovative service propositions. Driving ongoing cost reductions and cash generation. Improving share of wallet with our existing customers and focusing on cross selling our services. TO DELIVER THIS over a reasonable period whilst remaining at a level that is affordable and sustainable for the Group. Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 27 Strategic report Governance Directors remuneration report Directors report Independent auditors report Accounts At the heart of our listening processes is our Your Voice Employment Engagement Survey. We undertake the survey on an annual basis. For new employees that transfer into Wincanton from one of our customers we undertake a snapshot version of our survey three months after the transfer date to get early feedback during the transition period. Our aim is to improve survey results year on year. We take the results very seriously and seek to provide a whole range of dedicated activities and targeted and robust action plans at both Group and local level to address the feedback shared with us. We publicise regular commentary and we also undertake State of the Nation briefs where senior managers share business performance results with employees on a regular basis and provide the opportunity to ask questions. We actively encourage employees to share their thoughts concerns and ideas with the wider company through our programme of dedicated listening groups and as part of our commitment to continuous improvement we establish working parties to seek input to drive change and improvements in the way we work. HEALTH AND WELLBEING Our employees are our greatest asset and we want to support them to be as healthy and happy as possible. Throughout the year ended 31 March 201 7 by our Group HSEQ Director and attended by members of the EMT. This demonstrates the importance we place on our environmental strategy. We use an ISO14001 certified environmental management system and provide monthly performance results across a range of indicators. This supports our environmental policy and principles by enabling us to take prompt corrective actions and to identify and exploit improvement opportunities in each of our business sectors. Carbon emission information is prepared in accordance with the Carbon Disclosure Standards Board CDSB Framework 1.1 and the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard for operational control. Carbon factors are per DefraDECC conversion factors for company reporting 20 1 6 with both electricity generation and distribution emissions being included as scope 2 emissions. We also record energy and fuel use for managed supplies which includes all supplies that are wholly or partially managed at sites operated by Wincanton for itself or its customers irrespective of whether the fuel andor energy is purchased by us directly. The sources of emissions include road transport fuels fuels for nonroad transport uses energy utilities for buildings and fuel for business travel in Wincanton driven vehicles. We also include consumption of fluorinated refrigerant gases as a scope 1 emission and have not excluded any emissions sources regardless of materiality. We are a participant in the UK CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme and all CRC qualifying emissions are included in our scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions figures.