1m see note 3 page 47 for the definition of EBITDA 14.1m PROFIT BEFORE TAX 2016 9.7m 30.94p DILUTED EPS 2016 20.88p 10.5p DIVIDEND PER SHARE 2016 9.2p Key performance indicators The selection of the KPIs has been revised to take account of the change in relative importance of product type to the Groups overall financial performance and position. This is the actual percentage of lending in each year which was redeemed or renewed the 2017 figure is an estimate based on recent trend and early performance. 02 www.handt.co.uk Chairmans statement The Group has achieved growth in revenues from the core services of pawnbroking retail and personal loans. We have improved store profitability and have also made progress in the development of our online channel although there is still considerable work to do. Our est1897.co.uk site for watches is a great example of how we can successfully use the internet for retailing backed up by our store network. The opportunity to build on this concept for our core services is clear and will be a key part of our future strategy. These activities have repositioned the business within the wider alternative credit market and allowed the Group to access a broader customer base. The Board ensures that this growth is carefully managed with a clear focus on the changing risks both regulatory and financial that this diversification brings. The growth in retail FX and buyback also provide a degree of resilience to changes in the marketplace. Financial performance The of the strategy 1. Maintain the performance of our core products and stores 2. Develop a range of credit products to serve a wider customer base 3. Enhance distribution by delivering services in store online and through mobile devices. HT operates across the UK in a fastmoving competitive environment. It will continue to succeed by focussing on customer needs training developing and retaining key staff developing existing and new products and expanding its distribution channels. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Strategic report Directors report Financial statements Our customer Personal service Our loan products are often used by people who can not access mainstream credit. Why The most common reason is that they may have experienced problems in the past which resulted in missed payment or defaults on their credit file. Almost half of our personal loan customers are aged under 35 and generally have a thin credit file or a low credit score. Our customers often need money to meet daytoday expenses and as such they need relatively small sums quickly this demand can be met very effectively by our instore products. It is possible to complete a pawnbroking or personal loan in store within 30 minutes. Customers often compare our rates with larger wellknown shortterm credit brands which is advantageous as we are often considerably cheaper. We offer our services both online and in store and ensure that there is a member of staff available for our customers to speak to if they have any questions. Our staff Store Managers into other positions in the business for example Area Manager Internal Auditor or Manager of a flagship store. Our people At H T we believe that our employees are our single greatest asset and accordingly we endeavour to ensure our workforce are highly trained motivated and feel valued. 18 www.handt.co.uk Corporate social responsibility continued Reward and recognition As well as offering competitive salaries and bonus schemes we offer a generous benefits package including Life assurance for all of our staff members Interest free season ticket loans Childcare vouchers Employee assistance programme Enhanced sick and holiday pay Innovation scheme ideas rewarded by up to 1000 Health insurance for management Eye care vouchers Cycle to work scheme Throughout the year we operate a number of schemes designed to highlight performance or service ranging from awards for mystery shop results to the highly prized Top Team award where the store can choose the destination for a trip of a lifetime. Employee engagement Your Voice is a councilstyle meeting with employees from a variety of positions within the Group and geographically from around the country. These provide a forum to discuss suggestions and ideas with senior management. The meetings are very productive as they allow direct feedback on any issues that arise in our stores or the wider organisation. Internal appointments We strive to develop and retain our staff. An important part of this is to provide opportunities within the Group where possible. We advertise positions weekly to every employee in order to help them to apply for these positions where appropriate we use the management and star development programmes to help individuals progress. 66 of our Deputy Manager and Store Manager roles were filled internally in 2017. We value experience and recognise long service from 5 years on in five yearly increments. During 2017 126 employees received a long service award and 64 employees were invited to attend a lunch in London to celebrate services of 10 years or more. A member of our audit team celebrated 45 years service with the Chief Executive John Nichols receiving his 20 year award. Managers tenure years of service 79 51 28 10 5 3 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 19 Strategic report Directors report Financial statements Diversity and inclusion We appreciate the importance of ensuring that our workforce reflects the diversity of our customers and continue to ensure that we offer career opportunities without discrimination. The following tables show the gender mix for staff across the Group at the end of the year Full Time Part Time Total Male 245 42 287 Female 462 360 822 Total 707 402 1109 Male Female Board of directors 5 0 Whilst acknowledging the importance of diversity appointments to the Board as with all positions in the Group are based purely on merit and not according to personal characteristics such as race and gender.