 Net investment losses reduced from 27 million to 16 million delivering on our previous guidance that these losses reached the high water mark at the end of 2016. The US business is now firmly established with 335 employees in 17 locations and an increasing market presence now representing 5 of the Fortune 500. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW 2017 was an important year for the JLT Group. The decisions we took during the year and the strategic developments we have initiated will I believe mark the start of a new chapter in the growth of JLT. Dominic Burke Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Annual Report 2017 15 STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION JLT Re our global reinsurance broking business increased revenues by 11 to 217.1 million reflecting organic revenue growth of 4. This performance was delivered despite a continued decline in pricing across most lines of reinsurance and in most geographies during the year. This was underlined by the 1 January 2017 renewals which saw riskadjusted global propertycatastrophe pricing reduce by almost 6. JLT Res trading profit increased by 5 to 42.4 million. The trading margin was 20 in the year reflecting JLT Res continued investment in market leading talent across all of its geographies increasing headcount by approximately 10 year on year. Organic revenue growth in Europe and North America was offset in part by Asia Pacific where we saw significant headwinds from the rating environment combined with reductions in facultative buying activity. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS JLTs global the presentation and marketing of our Employee Benefits activities worldwide. During 2017 we took advantage of JLTs international coverage to launch a coordinated global Employee Benefits offering sold managed and delivered by a single global team. The initial response from clients confirms that JLT can grow revenues in the international employee benefits market. Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Annual Report 2017 17 STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION LOOKING FORWARD After five consecutive years of falling reinsurance rates global property catastrophe rates have experienced some upward pressure but with significant variances across regions driven in large part by the losses experienced following hurricanes Harvey Irma and Maria. Across most lines and most classes of reinsurance and specialty the trend of steady price reductions through a number of years seems to have moderated or ended. However a consistent pattern is not evident and it would be premature to refer to a hardening market. In todays market each risk needs the broker to demonstrate real understanding of the risk and real transactional expertise to secure appropriate cover on the optimum terms for the client. This is the specialist capability that JLT has built over the past decade and the Group is confident that JLT is well placed to grow and execute on its strategy. JLT has entered 2018 with real momentum but we do not expect a consistently hard insurance market. While the Group is positive with regards to the factors within its control volatile currency markets present a risk 1700 people primarily based in London but with a growing European presence all of which work in close collaboration with the broader JLT International Network supplying them with industry expertise advice and access to international markets. Review of Operations JLT Europes revenues increased to 399.3 million in 2017. After adjusting for the disposal of Thistle at the end of 2016 this represented a 7 increase of which 4 was organic. Trading profit grew by 9 to 90.6 million and trading margin increased to 23 on an adjusted basis. Strong client retention and new business drove good performances from most divisions including Financial Lines Northern Europe and Credit Political Risks. This was achieved despite challenging market conditions particularly in the Energy and Marine industry sectors. The business made investments in 2017 to strengthen its presence in continental Europe including the acquisition of Belgibo the Belgian specialty broker in August. These investments support the Groups Brexit planning enabling JLT to manage the consequences of different Brexit scenarios. Through JLTs continued investment on the continent European revenues are expected to grow over time across several specialty sectors. Principal lines of business Life Accident Health Aerospace including General Aviation Construction Communications Technology Media Cargo Credit Political Risks Cyber Energy Financial Professional Fine Art Jewellery Specie Food Agribusiness Sports Entertainment Marine Mining Power Life Science Renewables Real Estate Transportation and Specialty Property Casualty. 2017 2016 Change Total revenue 217.1m 195.6m 11 Underlying trading profit 42.4m 40.5m 5 Trading margin 20 21 JLT Re is one the risk of engaging with sanctioned territories andor individualsentities which could give rise to a breach in sanctionsexport control orders. Group Sanctions policy. Systems screening and sweeping. Staff training and awareness on sanctions risk and compliance obligations. Operating Procedures manuals. System controls. Group Financial Crime team oversight. Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Annual Report 2017 45 STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION RISKS NATURE OF RISK MITIGATION FINANCIAL RISKS LiquidityFinancing Risk that the Group is not able to meet its obligations when they fall due or can do so only at excessive cost. This risk may occur through lack of undrawn credit facilities. inability to obtain financing including refinancing at maturity. breach of debt covenants. Multiple banking facilities. Cash management processes. Financial planning and forecasting. Group Cash Management policy process. Foreign Exchange The Group has foreign exchange exposures to risk arising from the need to convert currencies into GBP for reporting purposes and risk arising from revenues and costs being denominated in different currencies. Prudent management of transactional currency exposures through a structured hedging programme. Regular review and sensitivity analysis of currency translation impacts to financial reports. Centralised hedging of material transactional exposures. Reporting and auditing of hedging and exposures. Counterparty Counterparty risk can arise for JLT from two key sources Banks risk of loss of own cash fiduciary funds investments deposits derivative assets trade receivables as a result of bank failure.