 Pericardium Collagen fibres Collagen fibrils Collagen molecules triple helices Amino acid chains 4 Collagen Solutions plc Annual report and accounts 2017 CARTILAGE REPAIR The patentprotected ChondroMimetic Osteochondral Scaffold developed in partnership with the University of Cambridge and MIT is designed for minimally invasive treatment of cartilage defects addressing a potential market of over 450000 procedures per year 500 million1 billion. Promotes hyaline cartilage and subchondral bone repair leading to restoration of joint function Study in process to demonstrate results of seven to eight years in patients Launch expected following CE mark and partner selection WOUND TREATMENT An internally developed novel collagen matrix with the potential to address multiple markets in wound care and burns potentially addressing approximately 40 of a 1 billion market. Excellent handling properties formulated to fill uneven wound sites with intact fibrillar collagen matrix Designed to address partial and fullthickness wounds diabetic foot ulcers tunnelling wounds burns and other complex wounds Currently under development both US and European markets targeted following regulatory approvals BONE REGENERATION A collagenceramic synthetic bone graft substitute with novel properties covered by a recent provisional patent application that addresses approximately 30 of a 1.7 billion orthopaedic bone graft market. Formulated with superior handling properties and inorganic particle retention to enhance ease of use for the surgeon and ensure that the graft remains at the operative site Platform technology with multiple potential applications in spinal fusion orthopaedic trauma reconstructive surgery and dental procedures Currently under development first will provide the resources to deliver a targeted increase in revenue of five times in the five years to 2021. Our commercial and RD teams have been strengthened in the past year to execute on these plans over the coming years. Innovation and IP We have continued to invest in the proprietary product pipeline in particular in ChondroMimetic an exciting cartilage repair technology based around a bilayered collagen sponge. Manufacturing validations have commenced in Glasgow and significant work has been undertaken in preparation for the CE mark submission which will be delayed slightly as a result of a Board decision to secure as many patients as possible from the original clinical trial conducted in Budapest in 2009. To that end we have secured patient consent from 15 out of the original 17 with the other two having moved out of Hungary making it logistically difficult for them to participate. This new trial which is technically known as an openlabel extension trial will provide us with seven to eight years of longitudinal data which if positive will help enormously with our partnering activities. Our other key projects are in wound healing and in bone graft substitutes where we have filed for a provisional patent. We remain confident about our ability to partner these products although the increasing burden of regulation has resulted in extended timelines. Our collaborations with various academic and industry partners include our participation in two prestigious European Horizon 2020 consortiums to develop i a diseasemodifying therapy for Parkinsons to secure the most appropriate partner who in an ideal world would give us global commercial access for the ChondroMimetic product. More likely is a partnering arrangement that will be for Europe and the rest of the world excluding the US but with an option to commercialise the product in the US where the regulatory authorities will demand that the product goes down the premarket approval route. Given the significant cost of this regulatory pathway we would expect these costs to be met by the partner. Achieving continued revenue growth across all our key territories and to seek to address a specific risk with a Korean customer on potential reduced quantities at contract renewal which could possibly impact 1819 revenues if not addressed this year. As you would expect and hope for we are at an advanced stage of mitigating this risk by discussing new product categories and services with the customer as well as leveraging our market reach to help accelerate their sales. Forging the most mutually beneficial arrangement with Cre8ive our partner in China. We continue to examine a number of potential options for a route forward and hopefully we will be able to arrive at the best option soon. The work we have done in the past year has underlined the potential for our medicalgrade collagen sourced from Australia and New Zealand. This differentiator gives us a clear advantage over local Chinese producers where environmental factors such as heavy metal contamination alone can impact the quality of in a way that delivers financial socially responsible and environmentally sustainable business performance and ensures adherence to the law and conducts its affairs to the highest ethical standards. We expect our customers and suppliers to embrace these same principles. The Group values teamwork taking personal responsibility positive attitudes and working hard to deliver positive outcomes for all our stakeholders customers staff and shareholders alike. We encourage the personal learning growth and development of our team and voluntarily try to eliminate practices that harm the environment. We are particularly proud of our team in New Zealand which is positively impacting the communities where we work and live. Over the last year we sponsored the NZ National Art Exhibition which directs all proceeds to charitable endeavours in Napier. In Glasgow our employees have raised money for charitable causes and organised donations to the local food banks. Employee involvement Collagen Solutions fosters a culture of responsiveness and customer engagement reflecting our global teams talents in biomaterials science and production and market knowledge. The Group recognises and seeks to encourage the involvement of its employees with the aim being the recruitment motivation and retention of quality employees throughout the Group. An option scheme is operated within the Enterprise Management Incentive Scheme. We have recently conducted an Employee Satisfaction Survey and will monitor the improvements in the scores arising from increased employee engagement. One of the key strategic initiatives for 2018 is to implement individual development plans for employees.