 Outlook We are in a strong position to deliver growth. The fundamental market drivers for our business look positive in the short and medium terms. The order book has grown significantly over the past year and is now at a record level. Against this background the Board is optimistic on the outlook for the business and is confident the Group will deliver on its growth strategy. Geoff French NonExecutive Chairman 8 January 2018 Nexus Infrastructure plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Our focus is to enhance our growth and market positions across both the Tamdown and TriConnex businesses as we continue to drive shareholder value. In order to do this our strategic priorities are focused on increasing market share within existing geographies expansion into new regions diversifying into new growth sectors and leveraging TriConnex as the UKs leading provider of utility connections to maximise opportunities for Tamdown. These goals can be achieved by a combination of organic growth and by selective bolton acquisitions which meet with our strict criteria of being earnings enhancing and a cultural fit. Additionally we aim to attract retain and develop the best people by investing in training and support which means we have a knowledgeable workforce with transferable skills. We believe one of Nexus differentiating factors is our culture and commitment to customer service. What are the key highlights of the full year UK housebuilding market. The new policies are expected to bring the total support for housing to at least 44bn over the next five years with the intention of increasing the number of houses completed to 300000 per year by 2025. In addition the Government have committed to improving the planning environment and making more public sector land available for residential development. Nexus predominantly operates within the more economically resilient areas of the South East of England and London where we believe the housing shortage is even more acute than other parts of the UK. Were confident that both Tamdown and TriConnex will benefit from this landscape of structural undersupply in housing Government stimulus for the sector and a drive to increase volumes from customers operating in the affordable housing market. You mention that you will be focusing on enhancing value for all stakeholders what exactly do you mean by that Our aim is to be an investment for our shareholders that both grows in value as well as providing a good return. Our dividend policy is stated to be progressive whilst maintaining an appropriate level of dividend cover. Our Boards current target is to pay annual dividends based on a dividend cover of 3.0 times the Groups adjusted profit after tax. Other key stakeholders are our clients and employees. Our clients are front of mind in terms of our aim to continue to develop partnerships with them providing excellent services advice and support which enables the housebuilders to deliver quality housing on time and on budget. With its existing very strong base of bluechip customers including nine of the top ten largest housebuilders in the UK Tamdown has the expertise and experience to continue to deliver services on multiphase projects across a broad range of regions. With the deregulation of the utilities market Nexus through TriConnex can provide innovative added value services for housebuilders and commercial real estate clients. TriConnex has already developed a reputation for customer focus and responsiveness flexibility quality of service and reliability in this respect. We believe we have an exceptional workforce and we seek to continue to attract and retain the best people through competitive pay a culture of empowerment attractive training and development schemes and future leadership programmes. We offer apprenticeships high levels of training and development a graduate programme and a degree programme. In terms of your key markets housebuilding and commercial property what is your view of these markets As you are probably aware the Government announced in October that the Help to Buy equity scheme will receive an additional 10bn of funding to support the purchase of homes. The new funding is nearly 50 higher than that used in the first four years of the schemes life and adds to the 5.4bn of previous funding which to date has assisted in the sale of more than 134000 homes. Nexus Infrastructure plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 7 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Investment proposition Attractive and growing addressable market Well safety team undertakes regular internal audits of our procedures to ensure they are as comprehensive as possible highlighting any areas for improvement. In addition our systems are under constant review by external bodies promoting best practice. Our policies procedures and practices are accredited with ISO 9001 Quality Standard ISO 14001 Environment Standard OHSAS 18001 Health and Safety Standard. We have adopted and encourage a very proactive approach to hazard and near miss reporting. This approach has improved awareness and helped prevent accidents on our sites and for other contractors working alongside us. The yearonyear importance of health and safety within the Group is illustrated by Tamdown winning its eighth consecutive Gold Medal from RoSPA The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents. Gold Medal Awards are only awarded to those companies who have achieved Gold Awards for over five consecutive years or more. TriConnex was also awarded a Gold Award this year in their first year of applying. Nexus Infrastructure plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 18 People Investing in the workforce Nexus believes in success through its employees with a dedicated inhouse HR team providing structured learning development and development opportunities. In 2014 Nexus introduced a bespoke BSc in Business Management Practice at Anglia Ruskin University and in August 2017 the first group of employees graduated all with either 1st or 21 class honours.