 We are therefore delighted to have delivered such a strong underlying EBITDA performance up 172 excluding the Web Apps and License segment further demonstrating the excellent performance of our business model. Operational update In March 2017 we acquired CyberGhost a leading cybersecurity SaaS provider with a focus on the provision of virtual private network VPN solutions. The acquisition was successfully integrated into Kape by June 2017 and I am delighted to report made a positive net profit contribution in the year of 1.5 million. With CyberGhost now consolidated into the larger Kape operation we have been successful in generating significant synergies and delivering superior customer traction postintegration with our digital user acquisition platform. This resulted in an increase in CyberGhosts user base by over 30 compared to December 2016 and the last quarter of 2017 saw record sales for the business in terms of volume and EBITDA. We have grown Kapes product portfolio this year and it now consists of four main products the CyberGhost VPN a SaaS product as well as the Reimage PC DriverAgent and Reimage for Mac which are purchased on a onetime and yearly unlimited use basis with a technical support component. We have started to implement a SaaS model in the Reimage PC and expect to see the results of this change towards the end of 2018 when the licences come up for renewal. In addition we started to utilise the growth in our product offering and user base believe this new release will substantially grow our potential addressable market for this product. Given our focus on further strengthening our SaaS business model 2018 will be the first year we are able to generate significant revenues from our existing customer base. Therefore during 2018 we expect to deliver 8.0 million of recurring income from existing users 2 which greatly improves both the visibility and quality of our earnings. Cybersecurity market Management identified the consumer cybersecurity space as presenting a significant opportunity for Kape as a sizeable growth market with few nimble B2C focusedplayers that can easily adapt to the everchanging digital landscape. As the internet has become increasingly central to peoples lives and concurrently hacking has also evolved significantly the sharing of data online is posing an increasing threat to individuals online security. In 2004 the global cybersecurity market was worth 3.5 billion and in 2017 it was worth over 120 billion representing growth of over 35 times in 13 years with key growth drivers including 3 a growing number of internet users to c. 3.17 billion globally increased network and WiFi connectivity across the world commercial entities increasingly collecting personal data cybercrime targeting individuals not just enterpriselevel hacks heightened regulatory uncertainty around privacy and online security and the emergence of the Internet of Things. The proliferation of internet users has led to a sizeable B2C cybersecurity marketplace with the addressable market for personal digital safety in 2018 estimated to be 10 billion. Kape is wellplaced to capitalise on 000 7641 7873 Deferred income 000 4014 2187 1 7 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STRATEGIC REPORT Rebranding Given the extensive reengineering of the business we took the decision to rename and rebrand the Company to Kape Technologies plc. Kape will be the future umbrella for all our products and services as we focus on delivering upon the following strategic priorities strengthening and developing both our consumer and corporate brand globally better leveraging product cross selling opportunities within the cybersecurity arena growing our product offering through both organic growth and acquisitions developing and increasing our marketing reach under a unified banner and further strengthening our SaaS business thereby increasing our recurring revenue base. Kapes core principles are to be proactive accessible and bold. We believe there is a real need for innovative solutions for customers and a requirement for online privacy and security as individuals manoeuvre through todays everchanging online environment. It is this shift in buying and browsing behaviour that is ultimately driving demand for our products. Current trading and outlook Over the past 12 months we have delivered on our stated growth strategy. The Group has made significant headway in developing our product suite which has been greatly enhanced by the addition of CyberGhost. The launch of Reimage for Mac is a great example of our internal development capability and our unique inhouse digital user acquisition expertise has enabled Kape to expand our user base globally. We are motivated by the opportunities that exist within our growing portfolio of products and continue to constantly evaluate selective acquisition opportunities which could potentially broaden our software portfolio and accelerate our expansion into the global consumer cybersecurity market. In 2018 we are focusing on two core growth initiatives to continue to grow organically against our key KPIs including users and revenues from our existing product portfolio and to deliver on growthenhancing acquisitions which incorporate the following criteria a sizeable and growing user base an established recurring revenue model and the ability to deliver strong synergies with both Kapes digital distribution capabilities and expertise. We have made a strong start to 2018 with record monthly sales compared to the equivalent period in 2017 achieved across our products as we continue to reap the benefits of our renewed focus on the cybersecurity market. The Board therefore remains confident in delivering yearonyear growth in 2018 in line with market expectations. Special dividend Following our robust performance this year and significant adjusted cash flow from operations of 7.6 million the Board has declared a special dividend of 4.93 US cents per share amounting to a total of 7.0 million. This is the first special dividend the Company has issued it follows the successful transition of the business will contribute to maintaining balance sheet efficiency and reflects our confidence in the business. The dividend shall be paid in sterling and therefore it will be subject to a conversion exchange rate from US dollars based on a GBPUSD rate of 1.