6m in cash 7029 lettingssales 22 ROCE Investment case 06 The Property Franchise Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Benefits of a genuine multibrand strategy in a changing industry landscape After our acquisition of Xperience Franchising and Whitegates in 2014 we focused on consolidation driving out duplicate costs and leveraging economies of scale. By 2016 we had reaped the fruits of that approach the combined businesses delivered 1.0m of after tax earnings against a net cash consideration of 5.1m. However EweMove is a very different proposition. It is a fullyfunctioning franchisor with its own proprietary technology EweReka sitting on an industrial scale platform. Its HQ staff are based in Cleckheaton Bradford and culturally it is very different from our traditional high street brands. Consequently our intention was always to keep EweMove separate from our existing brands and benefit from some of its digital marketing expertise without needing to fold it into our traditional support infrastructure. The key to success with EweMove is to drive the numbers of local representatives to continue to recruit franchisees at current levels to encourage more experienced estate agents to join the brand and to reduce its franchisee attrition rate. EweMove incurred losses in H1 trading. However with the departure of the founders at the end of June 2017 and the arrival of the new Managing Director the business businesses and manage all properties locally. They are supported by specialist operational software to responsibly deliver a professional lettings service. Tenants Our reputation in lettings our local service and our extensive landlord relationships means we have a greater chance of having the property a tenant is looking for. Our franchisees work to professional standards carry out our required procedures refined from many years of experience hold the necessary insurances to protect our tenants and are members of a redress scheme The Property Ombudsman. Vendors Some of our brands are household names in their local communities and regions known for providing professional sales services run by local people who are engaged in the community and know their territories. Indeed one of our brands has been selling houses for 168 years evolving as the market and practices have evolved. Earnings per share 14.2p 9 2016 13.0p Fullyear dividend 7.5p 15 2016 6.5p 16 The Property Franchise Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 How we help franchise owners develop and the brands they represent grow If our franchises grow we grow. Their owners are busy delivering service. Our role is to provide the infrastructure opportunities support and stimulus for growth. EweMove EweMove operates a hybrid agency franchise system. A franchise owner has all the benefits of 247 technology and customer support at his fingertips without the need for high street premises. As in Martin Co the majority of franchise owners have no prior experience of our sector. Having spent 30 years growing Martin Co we know that development support is essential in the early years of a franchises life. We immediately transferred in 2 experienced development managers followed by a trainer and now run intensive boot camps. With aspirations to be a national sales brand we need national representation and listings. We have seen what good sales agency looks like through the acquisition of Xperience. So we decided to change the recruitment drive to actively recruit estate agents. In 2017 from a standing start half our recruits were experienced estate agents. As expected they quickly won instructions and thereby spread experienceawareness of the brand. A fear existed that the brand would no longer be so highly rated for customer service through this change but to date EweMove remains the No 1 most trusted estate agent on Trustpilot. One change more than any has altered the landscape. In having to appoint a new MD a process in which many suitable candidates presented themselves from our sector our franchisees have one of their most successful franchisees in charge Nick Neill. Traditional Brands Our brands have long established histories that we and our franchise owners are rightly proud of. Many independent agents have come and gone through the economic cycles but these brands have survived and prospered. They operate in a sector which has been slow to recognise the impacts of changing customer requirements and to take advantage of new technology and digital marketing. EweMove showed us that you can generate leads through pay per the core of everything is the need to win those first instructions and then keep the momentum going which we did with regular contact and visits. It did not stop there in 2017 having set their sights on expansion an opportunity arose to buy a successful competitor in Plymouth. They could grow their presence their team and their skill base so as to be able to offer a comprehensive lettings and sales service of scale. The timing was right as the Group had resourced up to facilitate such ambition. Our acquisitions consultant liaised with the broker and negotiated on the sale price. Then we helped define and refine a deal structure that worked for all parties. Further assistance was supplied in the form of due diligence work legal support with a complicated structure and finally the handover by the seller. Result Two years later Chris and Merolyn had moved their franchise up to 8th by income in the Martin Co network. Income had quadrupled the number of managed properties had increased 650 and their sales business was showing signs of good growth. We would never have got to where we are now if it wasnt for those around us supporting our every step and guiding us in the right direction. The support of other Martin Co franchisees across the whole network has been and remains invaluable.