 Geospatial myWorld myWorld transforms the ability of infrastructure companies to manage their geographically dispersed assets by creating a single architecture for geospatialbased applications. It enables customers to create a realtime digital twin of their physical operations that can be shared by thousands of field and office staff across all departments connecting seamlessly to other critical enterprise systems. 2017 Strong progress was demonstrated in terms of revenue growth of our own products cost management and order book Software focus New strategy is delivering significant wins across both sides of the business with a 21 increase in software sales Global growth Demand for Ubisense solutions has increased across new centres of manufacturing such as Turkey and Thailand RTLS SmartSpace product development Modularised the enterprise software platform to address Industry 4.0 and emerging opportunities for Industrial Internet of Things IIo T applications Geospatial myWorld product development Extended the product portfolio to include an analytics suite that significantly reduces time to market for cable and telecoms network builds and upgrades See our strategic focus on page 12 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Revenue generated from Ubisenses own products increased by 28 and now represents over 60 of revenue 2016 49 Total revenue increased to 27.3 million 2016 26.5 million while managing a 22 planned decline in services associated with third party products Operating loss reduced infrastructure companies to manage their geographically dispersed assets by creating a single architecture for geospatialbased applications. myWorld enables a digital twin of assets and operations to global leaders in utility telecoms and cable companies that can be tailored to meet their business processes and deliver enterprise level improvements in productivity quality and customer satisfaction. IMPROVED Field productivity Network KPIs Customer service Data quality REDUCED Operational cost Timetorepair Errors and accidents Customer attrition FASTER Time to market Resolution times Revenue growth Decisionmaking How we ensure return on investment Operations myWorld platform Physical world Strategic report 9 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 From future state to mission critical The digitisation of the industrial workplace development of digital twins and the growth of the Industrial Internet of Things IIo T has resulted in a unique set of opportunities for Ubisense to capitalise on. In the past 15 years we have built up a strong customer base including 6 of the top 10 Fortune 500 manufacturers 9 of the leading 10 automotive manufacturers 2 of the top 3 aerospace manufacturers and 5 of the major telecoms network operators around the world use our solutions including 3 of the top 4 in North America. With our new softwareled approach we are looking to further increase our reach within these sectors in new and existing customers and territories. We are continuing to see growth in sectors including aerospace and defence and 2017 saw our very first sale in space and satellites an exciting new sector Accenture and PwC summarise the opportunity that the global rollout of fiber represents for Ubisense. The communication industry has made dramatic advances in the last five years witnessing rapid adoption of the latest generation of connected devices and increasing investments in faster networks. At the same time digital has transformed the consumer experience bringing new expectations and different rules of engagement 1. The coming era of nextgeneration broadband networks is bringing about the end of telecommunications operators traditional deployment model. A number of changes will require innovative responses Consumers are demanding ever greater bandwidth to support new applications and services. A larger variety of access network technology and rollout options along with their substantial deployment costs are forcing operators to make tough choices 2. The broadband industry now needs to rollout nextgeneration fiber network within aggressive time frames and fixed budgets improving fibre network technology deployment strategies and solutions is top priority. In response Ubisense has launched myWorld Fiber Planning. Now rolled out for a Tier 1 broadband customer Ubisenses Fiber Planning automates the network infrastructure layout and optimizes the design utilizing existing infrastructure where possible for the lowest cost results. Utilising complex mathematical analytical models provided by a partner and integrated with myWorld it allows customers to produce high quality costoptimized Fibre to the Home FTTH layouts quickly enabling faster and more accurate capital planning prioritization and mobilization improving overall time to market. Ubisense myWorld Fiber Planning has enabled a customer to Reduce the planned number of designers for across multiple territories which will partially mitigate against a downturn in any one region. Digital infrastructure and cyber security Breaches of the Groups digital security through cyber attacks or otherwise or failure of the Groups digital infrastructure could seriously disrupt operations including the provision of customer services and result in the loss or misuse of sensitive information legal or regulatory breaches resulting in potential liability and reputational damage among the customer base leading to a decline in revenues. The Group continues to invest in resources in enhancing site resilience and defences improving network monitoring and reviewing the incident response processes to mitigate the impact of a security breach. Short and mediumterm cyber security plans are regularly reviewed by the Board. 24 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES continued Principal risk and impact Mitigation Financial risks Future funding requirements The Group may need to raise additional funding beyond that provided by the share placing in November 2017 and the existing HSBC facility. There is no certainty that such fundraising will be possible or on acceptable terms. In addition the terms of any such financing may be dilutive to or otherwise adversely affect shareholders. Clear communication of our medium and longterm strategy to our investors and bankers. Monitoring of mid to longterm cash flow requirements and anticipated business performance. Adjusting activities through the business planning process. Bank covenants In October 2016 the Group restructured the HSBC working capital loan facility.