 In May we published The ICI Report on the Secrets of the Senses Dr Charles Spence of Oxford Universitys ground breaking research into the importance of sensory experience for health and emotional wellbeing. This helped focus attention on ICIs expertise in the growth areas of the science of sight scent taste and touch the heart of our business today. Our people In conclusion I want to thank our employees all around the world for the dedication and effort that delivered commendable results under difcult conditions. When the tide turns I know we will be ready. in the second quarter with new supply chain systems caused an order backlog at our major Food site in the Netherlands. Although the problem was largely rectied by October production was disrupted for a period. Quest is determined to restore its reputation for excellent customer service. For our Regional and Industrial businesses higher prots in Pakistan and Argentina were offset by the loss of prots from divested businesses and a legal provision. Despite the respectable overall performance I regret that I can not report the improvement in ICIs share price for which we are all working. Against our selected peer group our ranking in terms of Total Shareholder Return remained 13 of 17. This performance is disappointing. The Board and I continue to believe that ICI has all the necessary components for an improved placing and are committed to achieving that improvement. I remain convinced FloresRoux was born in Mexico trained in France and now lives and works in New York where he is one of Quests top perfumers specialising in ne fragrances. Bob Golownia formulation chemist spent part of his Christmas break testing Dulux Fortis exterior paint in 35F weather to make certain that applying it in cold wet conditions did not impair the nish. It was typical of the attention to detail behind the hugely successful launch of Fortis into the US trade sector in spring 2002. Members from the 25strong team of research and development manufacturing market research nance and sales people visited all 50 states and left no stone unturned to ensure the products delivered the goods from Alaska to the Everglades. 11 An extraordinary range of talent Interior designers perfume noses bakers chefs and food avourists webmasters and oil exploration technicians are hardly typical employees for a specialty products and paints company. Yet within ICI they are as vital as sales and marketing people production teams chemists engineers technologists IT specialists and administrators in getting things done. Getting the best from such a diverse mix of skills and disciplines requires strong leadership within a performance culture. The Group addresses management and leadership development globally with a threetier management training and leadership programme designed to groom people for the next level of responsibility. It is a process that aims to turn promising young professionals into team leaders then into seasoned managers with the skills and expertise to run businesses and ultimately developing new composite synthetic materials with complex microstructures to improve on nature scuffresistant acrylicreinforced paints are an example. Such work centres on the study of polymer architecture and nal physical form. The goal is to provide customers with control over effects such as delaying the release of fragrance molecules in detergents until laundry is dried or ironed or protecting avours until water is added. Fast chemistry High throughput experimentation is a technique adopted by ICI three years ago that uses miniaturised automated equipment to accelerate screening the properties of thousands of chemical formulations enabling chemists to explore many more possibilities at much lower cost than formerly. Time to discovery is reduced and the number of choices is increased so our businesses can respond quicker to market and customer challenges. From the lab to the customer A new phase began in spring 2002 when the Groups technology team launched an initiative to strengthen and widen scientists connections with commercial and marketing teams across ICI. As well as inspiring ideas for new product development or market applications within ICI wider understanding of the Groups newest technology identies more opportunities to offer additional customer benets. As a result ICI is better leveraging its technology investment a vital ingredient in the creation of the next generation of products. Chosen for jewellery because it doesnt corrode or tarnish gold is an almost inert metal. Managing heat stress is critical in computers and telecommunication devices. In close collaboration with customers Emerson Cuming developed goldlled thermal interface Indiana our decorative products cover the spectrum from basic cleanliness weatherproong and maintenance to the ultimate in personal expression or designer luxury with colours from minimalist to baroque. Our food and fragrance business offers customers palettes of avours and aromas to cater for regional nuances in taste and scent preferences. Quests patented methodologies help customers explore relationships between tastes and aromas both emotionally and physiologically to deliver distinctive lifestyle or brand appeal. ICI is versatile. Some Uniqema chemists develop unique synthetic lubricants for individual car engine ranges and transmissions or for The wish for youngerlooking more beautiful skin drives an industry. Skin care and cosmetics are enormous markets targeting all ages and skin types. Arlatone Dioic DCA developed by Uniqema is a breakthrough in beauty care that results in a radiant complexion. It evens out skin tone and enhances the look and texture of mature and sundamaged skin. It allows the creation of formulations that fade blotches and blemishes and can lighten agerelated skin discoloration. Quests ne fragrance business has been behind a heady stream of new scents. Among 2002s perfume launches with Quest ingredients have been Armanis Mania for Men Givenchys Eau Torride Jennifer Lopez signature scent Glow and Liz Claibornes Bora Bora a unisex fragrance based on biocaptive ingredients. High bre foods benet health and highlighting the bre content on the packet benets sales. Novelose 260 resistant starch was the winner of the industrys Food Ingredient South America Association 2002 award for the most innovative new ingredient.