 I look forward to working with the Board and the executive team to realise Tate Lyles potential for development growth and value creation for shareholders. Summary Tate Lyle has performed well this year and I would like to thank our management team and employees for all the hard work dedication and skill essential to this success. Since my appointment to the Board I have already visited a number of the Groups facilities in North America and Europe and look forward to seeing some of our sites in Asia and Latin America in the coming months. I have been impressed by the unwavering passion enthusiasm and commitment of all the colleagues I have met. Like many global businesses we are facing an evolving and challenging geopolitical landscape but we do so with confidence as a strong and financially solid company. I am excited about Tate Lyles future. With our clear strategy strong product portfolio and outstanding people we are well positioned for continuing and sustainable growth. Gerry Murphy Chairman 24 May 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS USEFUL INFORMATION www.tateandlyle.com 13 Investment case Bulk Ingredients Core business to provide steady earnings through product line focus efficiency and continuous improvement Dampen volatility in Commodities We focus our business ... Attractive dividend with growing cash cover Strong balance sheet A business increasingly focused on Speciality Food Ingredients Grow earnings Rigorous capital allocation both products and kept prices for both grains and coproducts relatively stable. US ethanol margins remained relatively steady at the low end of the historical range during the year. Commodities overall reported a profit of 8 million an increase of 17 million from the 2016 financial year. The higher profits from Commodities were driven by better market demand for proteins including corn gluten meal. Ethanol performance was largely flat. US political environment The new US Administration is seeking to reform the North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA. NAFTA is very important to the US food and agricultural sector and Mexico in particular is a key export market for the corn wet milling industry particularly for high fructose corn syrup. Until we have clarity on the nature of any proposed changes it is difficult to estimate what the impact if any will be. 1 USDA the US Department of Agriculture data. 2 Source IRI Total US Multi Outlet Convenience Stores. We continue to position our Bulk Ingredients business in North America to deliver steady earnings over the longer term. Jim Stutelberg President Bulk Ingredients STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS USEFUL INFORMATION www.tateandlyle.com 31 Global Operations Global Operations is responsible for the delivery of highquality products to our customers across the world. It ensures the efficient and cost effective operation of our manufacturing assets and that our ingredients reach customers on time in full and to a high quality. Through the application of process technologies and continuous improvement programmes Global Operations drives Boards Corporate Responsibility Committee see page 72. The Chief Executive is the Board Director with specific responsibility for CR and issues relating to CR are considered within the Groups risk management and reporting processes see page 38. Public reporting We explain the scope principles and methodologies we use to report our CR performance in CR Reporting Criteria Annual Report 2017 at www.tateandlyle.comaboutuscorporateresponsibility Assurance Bureau Veritas UK Ltd have independently verified selected environmental data on page 47. Their assurance statement is at www.tateandlyle.comaboutuscorporateresponsibility Our employees are the key to delivering our strategy. In line with our Values we believe that everyone should be safe at work and be treated fairly and with respect. Our policies covering ethical conduct and human rights include Our Code of Ethics and related internal and external communication and training The Groups global human resources policies and our position and practices on equal opportunities and diversity Our Speak Up programme system that supports whistleblowing Our controls for managing standards in the supply chain see page 50. Employee profile At 31 March 2017 Tate Lyle employed 4146 people 2016 4326. During the year we have closed the Singapore sucralose plant sold our interest in Jiangsu Tate Lyle Howbetter Food Co Ltd in China back to our partner and restructured our Food Systems blending sites in Europe. At the same time we continued to expand our commercial teams in Asia Pacific and Latin America and added staff at our Global Shared Service Centre in Poland. Corporate Responsibility Building a By order of the Board ClaireMarie OGrady Company Secretary 24 May 2017 Education During the year in the US we supported STEMfocused grants and student challenges in schools close to our plants in Loudon Decatur Lafayette and McIntosh. We continued to provide a number of scholarships to students in the US and abroad helping them to advance their education and provided fellowships to university leaders in Vietnam building capacity in higher education by increasing skills in educational leadership and governance. Environment Our environmental outreach work continues to focus on supporting research educational programming and partnerships that celebrate the environment and aim to conserve resources for the future. During the year employees participated in various projects including a community cleanup programme in Mold UK and community gardening and planting campaigns in dz Poland. We continued to work with the environmental research and engagement charity Earthwatch www.earthwatch.org with whom we are working on and supporting a longterm research project on the ecology conservation and sustainable harvesting of seaweed in Asia. We use ingredients derived from seaweed in our Food Systems business. STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS USEFUL INFORMATION www.tateandlyle.com 51 Chief Executive Date appointed to Board October 2009 Independent No Aged 57. Nationality Pakistani American Board Committees N Skills and expertise Javed has extensive experience of global consumer goods markets.