 There is a continuing climate of local global and geopolitical uncertainties including the UKs decision to leave the European Union. Although the final terms of Brexit are unknown Hiltons predominantly local sourcing and operating model leaves us well placed and we are confident that the Hilton business is resilient to weather these uncertainties. Dividend policy The Board considers that the Groups progressive dividend policy maintained since flotation remains appropriate given both the strategic progress achieved in 2017 and Hiltons continuing strong level of cash generation. With the proposed final dividend of 14.0p per ordinary share total dividends in respect of 2017 will be 19.0p per ordinary share an increase of 11.1 compared to last year. Our Board and governance The Hilton Board is responsible for the long term success of the Group and to achieve this it contains an appropriate mix of skills depth and diversity and a range of practical business experience which is available to support and guide our management teams across a wide range of countries. I would like to thank my colleagues on the Board for their support counsel and expertise during the year. We remain committed to achieving good governance and compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code including succession planning and maintaining a talent pipeline. Annual General Meeting This years AGM will be held at the Old Bridge Hotel 1 High Street Group trades have all appreciated significantly against Sterling compared with the corresponding period in 2016 specifically the Euro by 7.2 the Danish Krone by 7.3 the Polish Zloty by 10.0 the Swedish Krona by 5.2 and the Australian Dollar by 8.5. 13 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Overview Strategic report Governance Financial statements Resourcing for growth culture and people Successful businesses are principally about having the right people in the right positions at the right time working together as one team with local management teams empowered encouraged and advised in specialist areas enabling them to support their local customers. The Group benefits from each of its businesses being part of a larger organisation which enables them to share best practice solutions including equipment selection IT solutions and ways of working along with the collaborative sharing of new learnings ideas and techniques. We are committed to providing an inclusive working environment where everyone feels valued respected and able to fulfil their potential. We recognise that people from different backgrounds countries and experiences can bring benefits to our business. We fully recognise the benefits of gender diversity and details of the gender composition of our staff are set out in our Corporate and social responsibility report. The Group currently employs over 3600 employees across Europe and Australia. Our business model is largely decentralised with capable largely self sufficient management teams running our businesses in each local country. We consider this devolved structure to be a critical success rationalised their supply base achieving lower costs with higher food safety food integrity traceability and quality standards. This has allowed supermarket groups to focus on their core business and maximise their return on available retail space whilst addressing consumers continuing requirement for quality and value. Grocery retail markets are expected to remain extremely competitive with continuing pressure on consumer expenditure. The trend towards increased use of centralised packing solutions is likely to continue albeit at different speeds across the world. This gives rise to a wide range of potential future geographical expansion opportunities for Hilton but inevitably in a range of different timescales as markets develop and change over time. 14 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Strategic report Chief Executives summary continued Within the wider retail market consumer patterns are continuing to change with increased internet based ordering and delivery together with growth in the number of click and collect facilities. Following pressures on consumer expenditure over a number of years there has been increased use by cost conscious consumers of local convenience stores and discount outlets to shop more frequently for a reduced overall basket cost per visit and at a wider range of retail outlets. These developments which appear to be structural rather than cyclical reinforce the overall trend towards retail packed meat and fish as this is the offering in all these growth areas. Outlook and current trading Hiltons operating performance in the early months of 2018 has been in line with developed countries. Hilton has not to date been materially adversely affected by the lengthy recessionary environments seen in some countries but will keep any future identified country specific risks under continuing review. Interest rate fluctuation risk This risk stems from the fact that the interest rates on the Groups borrowings are variable being at set margins over LIBOR and other interbank rates which fluctuate over time. The Boards policy is to have an interest rate cap on a proportion of this borrowing. The Board will review hedging costs and options should the current low interest rate environment change materially. Customer credit and pricing risks As Hiltons customers comprise a small number of successful and credit worthy major multiple retailers the level of credit risk is considered to be insignificant. Historically the incidence of bad debts has been immaterial. Hiltons pricing is based predominately either on cost plus agreements or agreed packing rates with its customers. Liquidity risk This has for many businesses represented an area of concern over recent years given the continuing difficult and uncertain economic environment in some countries. Hilton Food Group remains strongly cash generative has a robust balance sheet and has committed banking facilities for the medium term sufficient to support its existing business. All bank positions are monitored on a daily basis and capital expenditure above set levels together with decisions on intra group dividends are all approved at Board meetings. All long term debt is arranged centrally and is subject to Board approval.