 Details of the DRIP scheme will be distributed with the annual accounts in due course. We have started the new financial year in a strong position and I look forward to another exciting year of growth with considerable confidence. Ian Ritchie Chairman 12 June 2017 iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Introduction We have again enjoyed another very successful year with revenues and profits growing to record levels both organically and through acquisition as we continue to deliver an ever broader range of cloud solutions. Our revenues in the year were 89.6m an increase of 17 over the previous year our adjusted EBITDA of 36.6m showed a 13 increase over the previous year and our profit before tax also increased by 13 to 14.7m. The opportunity remains to continue to grow both organically and through a disciplined acquisition strategy. Market The market for cloud services continues to grow and evolve. There is still a long runway of opportunity as the IT as a service philosophy and delivery unfolds. There is an inevitability around this fundamental change in how IT is delivered but there is also a built in delay mechanism as systems processes and applications are dealt with on a one by one basis rather than in one full organisation wide swoop as applications and workloads are individually considered for an upgrade refresh or rewrite. Security has again been in the headlines and it serves global basis although they still account for a very small fraction of overall IT and Cloud spend. We are now an Advanced Partner of AWS and moving towards the next level. We are one of Microsofts most respected Cloud Service Providers in the UK and we are being presented with a growing number of Microsoft Azure opportunities. We continue to build on our skills and accreditations and see constant improvement across the Groups skillset. Easyspace In line with our expectations the Easyspace segment has performed well over the year returning to a position of organic revenue growth. Our activities within this segment provide a range of products to the micro and SME markets including domain names shared dedicated and virtual servers and email services. Revenues in the segment have grown by 22 to 13.2m 2016 10.9m mainly as a result of the acquisition of United Hosting in the previous year. Organic growth in the year was 4 against a decline of 8 in the previous year. Nonrecurring revenue The nonrecurring revenue segment contains the results of Cristie since we acquired that business in August 2016. In just over 7 months of ownership the revenue generated was 3.6m. Cristie primarily provides solutions similar to those provided by the Cloud Services segment with the exception that they would tend to be less complex in nature and predominantly installed on the customers own premises rather than from a datacentre location. These solutions would involve for example the provision of storage and backup infrastructure the risks to those objectives. The controls can only provide reasonable not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. Executive Directors and senior management meet to review both the risks facing the business and the controls established to minimise those risks and their effectiveness in operation on an ongoing basis. The aim of these reviews is to provide reasonable assurance that material risks and problems are identified and appropriate action taken at an early stage. The Board confirms that procedures to identify evaluate and manage the significant risks faced by the Group have been in place throughout the year and up to the date of approval of the Annual Report. Financial Control The annual financial plan is reviewed and approved by the Board. Financial results with comparisons to plan and forecast results are reported on monthly to the Board together with a report on operational achievements objectives and issues encountered. Significant variances from plan are discussed at Board meetings and actions set in place to address them. Approval levels for authorisation of expenditure are at set levels and cascaded through the management structure with any expenditure in excess of predefined levels requiring approval from the executive directors. Relations with Shareholders The Chief Executive Officer and Finance Director have where appropriate had regular dialogue with shareholders and analysts to discuss strategic and other issues including the Companys financial results. The Company engages in full and open communication with both institutional and private investors and responds promptly to all queries received. In held by the iomart Group plc Employee Benefit Trust had been notified to the Company Shareholder Shares Percentage held Liontrust Asset Management 17182408 15.97 Angus MacSween 16998789 15.80 Octopus Investments 10767142 10.01 Schroders plc 7727716 7.18 Investec Wealth Investment 4077324 3.79 Noble Grossart Investment Limited 3505000 3.26 Transactions in own shares During the year 745797 2016 98567 own shares held in treasury at a carrying value of 49.5p each were issued following the exercise of share options by employees for which a net total of 1065018 2016 91374 was received. Employee involvement The Group regularly communicates with all staff providing information on developments within the Group including updates on the Groups strategy and details of new products and services provided by the Group. Staff are eligible to receive share options in the company under the Groups share incentive schemes and it is the boards policy to make specific awards as appropriate to attract and retain the best available people. Employment of disabled persons Full and fair consideration is given to applications for employment made by disabled persons having regard to their particular aptitudes and abilities. Appropriate training is arranged for disabled persons including retraining for alternative work of employees who become disabled to promote their career development within the organisation. Auditors Grant Thornton UK LLP have expressed their willingness to continue in office as auditors and a resolution to reappoint them will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.