 Concentration The retail markets in many of the countries in which we operate are highly concentrated with a limited number of supermarket retailers resulting in fierce competition. Retailers will increasingly rely on sophisticated large private label manufacturers to assist them with competitive advantage. Consumers Consumers are becoming more dynamic and mobile in their shopping habits. The desire for value and convenience are growing aspects of shopping behaviour. The response from the different channel players is diverse. With our staple products overall demand patterns are steady and change only over extended time horizons. Growth Market research indicates that the European macroeconomic climate will not deliver substantial growth in our key territories in the foreseeable future. Market share of private label versus brands is relatively stable although some markets are starting to see retailers favour private label. Business model External drivers 7 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Manufacturing excellence Manufacturing excellence is an investment programme targeted at an optimised asset configuration supporting our market and growth ambitions. Continued investment in existing assets will further improve our operational cost and will be extended to additional investments upgrading our five Anchor sites Middleton eper Estaimpuis Foetz and Strzelce. Our strong asset base creates the opportunity to further develop manufacturing agreements with other industry players such as branders. This will give us a combined cost and efficiency leadership. Customers Our scale and reach across all key European markets enables McBride to provide customer oriented service propositions aligned with channel requirements. We intend to have a tailored offering aligned with respective channel characteristics combined with supporting customer service levels and agreements clear on content and commitment. Public company reputation and standards reassures customers of longterm sustainable supplier relationships. Size to scale McBride as the largest player in the European market can leverage its size by delivering scale benefits in purchasing innovation manufacturing excellence legal knowhow and customer relationship management. People We focus on the development of our people organisational capabilities and skills. As a panEuropean employer McBride has access to a wide variety of talent so that whatever we do whatever organisation we build McBride can deliver upon its ambition and promises with its people engaged developed and positively challenged. Innovation With visibility across all of Europe our presence in selected products and markets wellresourced technical teams and colleagues hungry to offer new ideas McBride can be at the forefront of customer innovation. Whether this is in product ideas supply chain improvements packaging ideas or customer contract arrangements McBride stands out as a leader in our industry. McBride positioning and differentiation Strategic objectives and value delivery Sustainable profit streams permitting appropriate investment in assets retaining our leading position in the industry to deliver earnings growth to shareholders Maximise marketleading position and size to deliver scale advantage for value creation and development of growth opportunities Our three to five year ambition for adjusted operating profit margin EBITA is 7.5 with ROCE in place and closer relationships with key customers are being established see case study on page 18. It remains apparent that overall there is an increasing interest from brand owners to outsource manufacturing of their products. Time required to finalise such deals has proven to be longer than originally anticipated due to the fact in a number of cases the transfer of production involves partial or complete closures of production entities. The establishment of our organic growth opportunities has enabled us to decipher and articulate our requirements for growth from MA activity. Appropriate strategic acquisitions both as bolton opportunities to strengthen our platform and market position but also to rationalise uncompetitive capacity will be key drivers in our acquisition strategy. 15 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Case study The growth of the laundry capsule market continues and requires different formats of capsule mono and dual and different packaging options tubs and doypack. In addition the changing regulatory landscape makes the challenge of meeting customers needs ever greater. McBride is meeting this challenge through a focused approach of reorganisation investment and efficiency improvement. Reorganisation This year we decided to consolidate our liquid capsule manufacturing from two locations manufacturing sites to one in Estaimpuis Belgium. This has driven two key benefits First in supply previously capacity was split across two manufacturing locations which restricted the flexibility of having capacity available of the required format in the right location. By combining factory machinery space which has granted greater onsite storage reduced external warehousing and lower working capital needs. The investment An investment of 3.5 million in new blow mould facilities IT systems and reconfiguring our filling lines and site access points. New management and staffing structures were introduced accompanied by ongoing training and development plans. The benefit Future annual savings from this project together with its contribution to our customer choices simplification programme exceed 3 million. We have realised a step change in efficiency with 20 fewer staff delivering the same Household volumes as before. Furthermore we now have a sustainable base from which the key Central and Eastern European markets can be serviced by a high quality cost effective and reliable supply facility. The outcome The realisation of a vision for a fit for the future facility in Strzelce that can contribute fully to McBrides growth strategy. 17 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Case study Packaging design has an everincreasing impact and relevance for both the cost and the attractiveness of our products. Consumers often decide within the first few seconds as to whether the product on offer looks attractive different and reliable through the bottle design and impression. For cost considerations packaging design has an impact on the performance weight stability and time to market efficiency of finished products.