 They offered explanations not excuses for the performance issues in our Business division. Above all they sought to reassure investors that through our changing portfolio cost efficiency and divestment options Centrica has a strengthening resilience to uncertainty. As ever we recognise that the good governance of the Company is essential to the delivery of our strategy. So in that spirit let me offer a window into the business of your Board in 2017 the issues which will dominate our agendas in the coming year and our plans to build further on the new governance approaches to risk mapping stakeholder engagement and board development that we have implemented in recent years. The first and key question we revisit at each meeting and in the round each October is whether we are pursuing the right strategy. It can be tempting to alter course in the face of strong headwinds. And this has been the subject of renewed challenge by your Board since our trading update in November. Our strong and shared contention is that strategy is not about shortterm adjustments it is about staying true to our purpose and aligning ourselves with the fundamental forces consumer power and choice decentralisation and digitisation in particular that are changing the energy world affecting both our customers and the planet. So we believe the answer to be clear. Nothing has happened to invalidate the strategy which we set out in 2015. 2017 was a difficult year for Centrica and to my deep must stay the course. The next phase to 2020 is all about performance delivery and financial discipline as we marry customerled gross margin growth with continuing to drive material levels of cost efficiency while maintaining capital discipline and a strong balance sheet. It is this combination our track record to date and an excellent and committed team which give us confidence to pursue our mediumterm goals of delivering growth and returns through satisfying the changing needs of our customers deal with the uncertainties posed by any default tariff cap in the UK and indicate a stable dividend outlook within defined boundary conditions. It is undeniable that at present Centrica faces a higher level of external uncertainty. It is therefore imperative that we focus on the things we can control to underpin our performance. This is how we will rebuild shareholder value and confidence and I am determined to demonstrate this through our actions one step at a time. Iain Conn Group Chief Executive 21 February 2018 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 9 01 August British Gas extended price freeze ends increases electricity prices on the standard tariff by 12.5 but protects its most vulnerable customers from the rise 11 December Spirit Energy launched following completion of Centrica and Bayerngas Norge EP joint venture Read more on Pages 15 and 46 spiritenergy.com 2017 2018 21 June Centrica announces sale of Langage and South Humber Bank gas fired power stations 03 November Centrica acquires Europes leading demand response aggregator REstore and grants through the British Gas Energy Trust and 53200 households receiving energy efficiency improvements via the UKs Energy Company Obligation while five communities benefited from Irelands Better Energy Communities scheme. Our awardwinning customer service training ensures we identify and support those who need a helping hand. By the end of 2017 over 21000 employees had become Dementia Friends improving our ability to help those living with the condition. We also supported the development of industry guidance that will enable the utility sector to become dementiafriendly. Innovative products and services are creating a better world for people with disabilities and those in later life. In 2017 for example we launched a video relay service for customers who use British Sign Language allowing them to interact with us much more effectively. See how our support can benefit those in need centrica.comBGET Caring for our customers continued This programme has given us a level of awareness I never could have imagined. Well not only improve our profit margins but become better corporate citizens and better professionals. Rafael Ruz Muoz Corporate Brand Director CMR Chilis A restaurant chain in Mexico who use Panoramic Power sensors part of our distributed energy solutions 34 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Responsible Business Being an employer of choice We want to be the best at attracting and retaining a talented and diverse workforce who are motivated and able to deliver for our customers. Hear from our people about what diversity and inclusion means in tackling climate change is to help them cut their carbon by using our energy efficiency and Connected Home products alongside the solutions offered by our DEP business. We calculate this has saved our customers nearly 31mtCO 2e since 2008 equivalent to the annual emissions of around nine million UK homes. Decarbonising the energy system Centrica is revolutionising the way energy is generated managed and consumed by leading the transition to a decentralised energy system that enhances grid flexibility supports renewables and reduces reliance on fossil fuels. During 2017 we created Centrica Business Solutions a onestopshop for largescale energy users to harness distributed energy products and services completed a 3MW battery storage scheme for Gateshead Council to help keep the national electricity network in balance invested 62 million to acquire REstore Europes leading demandresponse aggregator enabling us to counter grid imbalance by managing demand from commercial and industrial customers and launched a 180 million investment programme to build three new flexible power generation facilities and one of the worlds largest battery storage facilities to meet peaks in local demand and backup intermittent renewables. We are additionally playing an important role in growing the infrastructure needed to lower emissions from transport having installed around 13000 electric vehicle charge points since 2013.