 Well continue to address the trends that shape our business in coming years. For example the combination of an ageing population and technological progress will have a huge effect on the way we live work shop play travel and are cared for. In turn this will affect the way we design construct and manage buildings and how we attract the best talent. The importance of thinking ahead and acting early was brought home to me by our completion of Nova in April. Design on this project started in 2003 when the iPhone was still an idea in Steve Jobs head. We must continue to anticipate change so that we can keep providing the right space for our customers and communities whatever their future demands helping businesses and people to thrive. Robert Noel Chief Executive 18 Landsec Annual Report 2017 5 Product innovation Technology and design innovation have the potential to change the face and functionality of buildings in exciting ways. They will also impact the construction process. While markets evolve at remarkable speed the design construction leasing and operational processes for commercial property remain relatively slow and inflexible. Our industry must do more to reduce timetomarket cut cost and increase flexibility resilience efficiency and sustainability. And we will have to continue designing buildings today that will appeal to and work well for a new generation tomorrow. 6 Sustainability as an advantage Businesses government and the public increasingly recognise the need for longterm thinking on social and environmental than those caught between the two. As catchments evolve shopping destinations must ensure they can compete against others further afield. Six big drivers of opportunities and challenges 3 Economic uncertainty Wider uncertainty has affected the ability of many customers to plan and take decisions. For consumers increased economic uncertainty may lead to lower spending. For businesses that have to take new space theres generally a combination of good choice and attractive incentives available. Others are opting to sit tight extending leases and taking additional space if required. The impact of this has not yet been seen in investment values. Brexit brings potential for economic and financial benefits as well as challenges not least for exporters and businesses looking to move into or expand in the UK. 4 UK competitiveness In the short term ongoing Brexit negotiations are likely to fuel uncertainty and commercial caution. Looking further out we see the potential for the UK to emerge from this period in good shape. We fully expect London to continue as one of the worlds most successful financial and cultural centres. 6 market drivers 19 Landsec Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Dynamics This year we moved from supplyconstrained conditions into a market with more supply and weaker occupational demand. The UKs vote to leave the EU triggered a weakening in demand for London office space stalling growth in rental values and asset prices. The market is also driven by the evolving needs and expectations of customers and communities. Enduring appeal Central London has enduring appeal for investors and occupiers offering Capabilities and opportunities of a global financial centre Deep and liquid property investment market International gateway Reasonable and relatively stable tax rates Strong business and transport infrastructure Diverse community and Englishspeaking population Access to top universities Dynamics Were continuing to see the market polarised between destination centres and convenience. The growth of online shopping is driving the rationalisation of store estates with only the strongest locations holding ground. Some online brands are moving into physical stores as convergence drives efficiency and they see opportunities to create great brand experiences. Stores are the best place to see touch feel and buy and they remain at the heart of most transactions. Londons strengths attract a large and diverse mix of property investors many from overseas. This helps us when selling assets but increases competition when buying. Challenges Challenges for London include Uncertainty over the outcome of the Brexit negotiations Limitations on economic growth due to restrictions on immigration Lack of housing at affordable or attractive prices Pressure on an ageing infrastructure Continued lack of clarity around airport expansion High levels of stamp duty Demand for betterfaster digital connectivity Outlook We expect current uncertainty will continue to impact demand for space. Headline rents have started to fall and we expect incentives to increase and average lease terms to shorten further. London is an increasingly polycentric city and location is no longer the only consideration for occupiers. This may result in buying opportunities outside traditional core HCLG. This aims to make sure health gets as much attention as safety in our industry. In January 2017 HCLG held its second summit drawing over 300 industry leaders. This saw the launch of Mates in Mind a programme that shows people how to support colleagues with mental ill health. In future well require all contractors to sign up. For the coming year we have set new objectives to train all our people in physical and cyber security. The training will help with everything from protecting data when working remotely to staying safe during terrorist incidents. Our partnership with Mencap helped 40 Landsec Annual Report 2017 We were the only listed REIT to make the published list of 32 Best Places to Work Overall engagement 86 Proud to work for Landsec 93 Willing to give extra effort to help this organisation succeed 92 National Equality Standard assessment At the first assessment we fully met 27 out of 49 criteria and partially met the remaining 22 Key positives leadership training and external partnerships diversity aspects of new HQ Improvements needed setting of clear targets measurement of the impact of our diversity initiatives RICS Inclusive Employer Quality Mark Seen as a role model against all six criteria leadership recruitment staff development staff retention staff engagement and continuous improvement Property Week Best Places to Work Survey 2016 Our employees Diversity Getting greater diversity into the Company including gender ethnicity social mobility disability and sexuality is very important for us.