 Wizz Air has a strong track record of working with regulators to develop appropriate regulatory structures in nonEU countries. Wizz Air has been able to leverage the knowhow market understanding and cultural awareness of its senior management team and employees to build strong relationships with airport operators suppliers governments and regulators in new markets and is able to present itself as a reliable partner that to date has never exited from a country where it has established an operating base. Wizz Air Holdings Plc Annual report and accounts 2017 11 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Strengthened leadership in CEE Wizz Air continues to be the clear market leader in Central and Eastern Europe maintaining our market share of over 39 per cent. of lowcost airline traffic. The expansion of our network with 113 new routes launched in FY 2017 has allowed us to strengthen our position reaching new customers throughout the region. Today we operate in 19 of the 21 CEE countries serving the market by offering a network of 28 bases and 141 destinations in 42 countries. With a low propensity to travel and lowcost market penetration currently at 40.4 per cent. source data Innovata April 2016 March 2017 there remains a significant opportunity for Wizz Air and we continue to believe that the ultralowcost business model is best placed to serve this market. Wherever we operate Wizz Air brings safe reliable operations low fares hasslefree services and a distinctive brand designed to appeal they must embrace cost discipline but we must react to a competitive threat. Ultimately our key competitive strength is our commitment to driving our cost ever lower while delivering a superior customer service. We firmly believe that in a tough market lowest cost ultimately wins and the necessary cost discipline is something to which we are committed day in day out. Competition can however adversely affect revenues and so we constantly monitor our competitors actions and the performance of our route network to ensure that we take both reactive and proactive actions in a timely manner as required. We are exposed to political and economic events and trends in CEE and elsewhere. Our business extends beyond the borders of the EU and into countries such as Russia Turkey and Ukraine and regions including the Caucasus North Africa and the Middle East. These and other countries in the region have experienced and may still be subject to potential political and economic instability caused by changes in governments political deadlock in the legislative process contested election results tension and conflict between federal and regional authorities corruption among governmental officials social and ethnic unrest and currency instability. We maintain close relationships with local authorities and as an organisation we are able to react quickly to adverse events. Like all European airlines we have prospered in a liberalised regulatory environment which makes the free movement of people throughout the European Union a reality. Any event which adversely affects either the liberalised operating environment or stop the permitted maximum being exceeded. The Board receives a report at each Board meeting of the level of share ownership by nonqualifying nationals. Operational risks Safety events. An accident or incident or terrorist attack can adversely affect an airlines image and customers willingness to travel with that airline. At Wizz Air our number one priority is the safety of our aircraft passengers and crew. Our aircraft fleet is young and reliable we use the services of worldclass maintenance organisations and we have a strong safety culture. A crossfunctional safety council meets twice a year involving both senior management as well as operational staff and reviews any issues which have arisen in the past six months and the actions taken as a consequence. In addition to this we collect detailed data from all aspects of our operation in order to identify Wizz Air Holdings Plc Annual report and accounts 2017 30 STRATEGIC REPORT PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CONTINUED Risks relating to the Group continued Operational risks continued trends and relevant personnel from our Operations department meet twice a year to discuss any trends identified in their sphere of operation and how they are being dealt with. We also operate an anonymous safety reporting system to allow our flight and cabin crew to report safety issues which are a concern to them. Our entry standards for operating crew are high and our own Approved Training Organisation ATO ensures that all of our pilots are trained to the same exacting standards. In of thrust reversers. Whats good for business is good for the environment less fuel consumed means fewer emissions. Contributing to the economy Wizz brings the opportunity to travel at the lowest fares to its millions of passengers. Giving affordable access to our customers to explore the wider world or to travel quickly and cheaply to see friends and relatives or to develop their careers abroad improves lives. But more than this Wizz Air is often the first airline at an airport to offer international flights connecting cities throughout Europe. And that in turn means more visitors boosting both local tourism as well as business links. As a result Wizz Air does not only provide job opportunities to each of the more than 3000 aviation professionals already working in the Wizz team but through our continuously developing network and operations we support numerous workplaces at our 141 destinations. Indeed based on the research of ACI Europe every 1 million carried passengers per year supports 750 local jobs meaning that the 24 million passengers we carried in the 2017 financial year Wizz supported over 18000 jobs. Responsibility for our colleagues and our community It may sound a clich but we know that at Wizz Air its true our people are the most important element of Wizz Airs success. We support our colleagues with new outstanding career opportunities in this exciting industry.