 We are making good progress at our three larger schemes. 46 by ERV of the completed space is now either let or under offer and marketing of the remaining space continues. This larger space we are offering requires occupiers to invest significant sums in fitout and take on substantial rental commitments and we expect letting periods to be longer than for smaller space. Macroeconomic uncertainties are now showing signs of slowing potential occupiers decisionmaking processes. We shall be patient in selecting occupiers which match our longterm aspirations. The widely reported increase in national business rates took effect in April 2017. As we anticipated average increases for our occupiers were in the range of 30 to 40 with a large number of our smaller tenants able to benefit from a fouryear transition period. Occupiers of large space on streets where rental levels are above our average have seen greater increases and only limited transition provisions. Despite these unwelcome increases in operating costs for our tenants we have not seen any direct impact on occupancy levels or interest in leasing space. During the year we concluded 31.1 million of leasing transactions achieving rents for commercial space 6.7 above ERV at the previous year end. This is not only converting an element of our reversionary potential in to contracted income but it also provides valuable evidence to increase rental tones and grow income from our adjacent and nearby buildings. West End connectivity and infrastructure The completion of Crossrail today s occupiers and improve energy performance through reconfiguration and refurbishment rather than redevelopment. We focus on uses where we provide space in shell form only with tenants taking responsibility for what are often substantial fitout costs. This significantly reduces our exposure to obsolescence costs across the portfolio. Consequently despite continuing high levels of activity across our holdings capital expenditure remains modest. This year our outlay was 40.3 million slightly above our longterm average of around 1 of portfolio value. Additionally our share of capital expenditure in the Longmartin joint venture was 1.2 million. We continue to identify schemes across our portfolio and are prepared to intervene to negotiate early vacant possession of space to accelerate our plans. We balance the costs of these initiatives against the valuable longterm benefits to income and capital values which frequently compound across our extensive adjacent ownerships. Adding to our portfolio We have assembled our portfolio over a period of 31 years through acquiring single buildings small portfolios or occasionally large blocks which were in single ownership. We apply strict investment criteria to every purchase and focus on the prospects for longterm income growth potential through harnessing our forensic market knowledge our particular skills in improving older building stock and capturing synergies with our other ownerships. The buildings we seek to acquire in our chosen locations are frequently in longterm private ownership. Their availability is always limited as existing owners are reluctant to sell in our soughtafter areas. Understandably competition to purchase is intense Cross See page 94 for how these measures form part of the bonus for the year ended 30 September 2017 10 year average 2.7 Annualised current income m ERV m EPRA vacancy of ERV Thomas Neal s Warehouse and Central Cross 28 STRATEGIC REPORT OVERVIEW Shaftesbury Annual Report 2017 Sustainability and stakeholders Our strategic goals The environmentally sustainable reuse and careful management of existing buildings Effective stakeholder engagement Invest in our community A fair and ethical framework for employees and our supply chain We pride ourselves on our ability to extend the economic useful lives of our buildings through changes of use and reconfiguration within the constraints of legislation so that they continue to meet the needs of modern occupiers. This emphasis on refurbishment forms the core of our sustainability strategy and is measured through an increased number of schemes achieving BREEAM certification. In an urban location which is intensively used by huge numbers of visitors a large working population and residential community social issues and challenges are bound to arise. We therefore focus on communityrelated activities which help to support organisations that tackle these problems. The Wild West End collaboration which promotes biodiversity continues to gain momentum. Working with other neighbouring landowners we are increasing the number of biodiversity features in our areas and on our buildings with the associated benefits which promote health and wellbeing for tenants and visitors. We were delighted to be recognised for our work at Carnaby with pollinators as part of the Department for longterm leases which commenced before MESS requirements for EPCs were introduced. They will be scheduled for works to meet or exceed the requirements of MEES when the leases expire. NUMBER OF LEASES Tenants Shareholders Suppliers Visitors Community Employees Environment Air quality Biodiversity Labouremployment conditions 203 1082 182 Unassessed F or G grade AE grade 30 STRATEGIC REPORT OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY AND STAKEHOLDERS Shaftesbury Annual Report 2017 Community Our engagement and activities are aligned with the community in which our portfolio is located. We have a long record of support and close involvement with local charities and notforprofit organisations which assist with initiatives in these communities. Not only are they our neighbours but their work ensures that the West End remains a vibrant and diverse destination which supports residential communities businesses and cultural organisations and which welcomes growing numbers of domestic and international visitors. We have continued our membership of the London Benchmarking Group LBG. Our contribution is measured in accordance with their framework which provides a standard and comparable methodology. Our LBG contribution equated to 562000 and is analysed opposite. We provide space to charities and other notforprofit organisations on a shortterm basis to assist in promoting their charity or cause in our areas or provide costeffective space for organisations in our central locations. Our Section 106 contributions an agreement to make a payment to a local authority in respect of planning obligations totalled 513000. These funds are generally for investment in public realm works.