8 Return on capital employed down 4 bps Read more about our financial KPIs on page 40 Helping customers live well for less has been at the heart of what we do since 1869. We offer our customers great quality choice and value and continue to make their lives better and easier every day. We sell over 90000 products and employ around 195000 colleagues across the UK and Ireland. Strategic Report 01 Contents page 02 Sainsburys Group at a glance 04 Our business model 06 Market context 08 Chairmans Letter 10 Chief Executives Letter 15 Priority 1 Further enhance our differentiated food proposition 18 Priority 2 Grow General Merchandise Clothing and deliver synergies 20 Priority 3 Diversify and grow Sainsburys Bank 22 Priority 4 Continue cost savings and maintain balance sheet strength 24 Our values make us different 40 Financial KPIs 42 Our principal risks and uncertainties 46 Financial review Governance Report 54 Board of Directors 56 Operating Board 58 Corporate Governance 64 Nomination Committee 66 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Committee 68 Audit Committee 74 Annual Statement from the Remuneration Committee Chairman 78 Annual Report on Remuneration 88 Directors Remuneration Policy 95 Additional statutory information Financial Statements 100 Statement of Directors Responsibilities 101 Independent Auditors Report to the Members of J Sainsbury plc 106 Consolidated Financial Statements 111 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 1 1 5 I nc ome S ta t e me n t 127 Financial Position 156 Cash Flows 159 Employee Remuneration 168 Additional bread options salads and sushi. We also increased the number of breakfast and snacking options on offer as well as improving existing lines. Snacking in particular has performed well. The successful launch of our Deliciously FreeFrom range reflected the increasing importance of allergenfree food to our customers. Around 25 per cent of the UK population includes free from products in their weekly shop 2. We have doubled the new range incorporating fresh frozen chilled and ambient lines offering customers more variety improved products and marketleading allergen information on the packaging. We also became the only supermarket to offer glutenfree bread freshly baked in our store bakeries. The range has proved very popular and we sell nearly 12000 loaves a week. Our innovative prepared vegetable range has been a great success with customers who are increasingly looking for filling healthy alternatives to carbohydrates and want to introduce more vegetables in to their diet. We responded to last years demand for courgetti courgette spaghetti and boodles butternut squash noodles by introducing eight more prepared vegetable lines this year including firsttomarket vegetable lasagne sheets and butternut squash waffles. These innovative new lines have helped drive doubledigit yearonyear growth for the prepared vegetables category. We continue to develop our overall food offer to ensure customers can buy great quality food at Sainsburys for different shopping missions. Our instore sushi concessions are all performing well and offer customers something new to try when they visit our stores. As a major retailer in a highly competitive of causes including community and neighbourhood and health. We saw an increase in our colleague volunteering through our Local Heroes programme which sees us donate 5 for every hour that colleagues volunteer in their own time. This resulted in nearly 76500 being donated across a broad spectrum of charities and community groups throughout 201617. Our colleagues also donated over half a million pounds through the Payroll Giving scheme to support causes they care about. We are delighted that our scheme was externally recognised with two wins from Payroll Giving Awards including one for the Most Successful Sustained Scheme which recognised our 27 years of support. Our colleagues were also recognised for their continued support of Community Alcohol Partnerships to encourage responsible drinking. 4 We surveyed 201516 Local Charity of the Year partners rather than those taking part in the 201617 programme to gather data from those who had completed a full years partnership. Each year a large number of our poppy collectors are welcomed into Sainsburys stores across the country raising money and awareness for our Poppy Appeal and the Legions work to help the British Armed Forces younger and older veterans and their families to live on to a more hopeful future. Were thrilled with the high level of support from Sainsburys and are extremely grateful for our growing relationship. Claire Rowcliffe Director of Fundraising The Royal British Legion 3400 Supporting more than 3400 charity partnerships 53m over 53 million generated for charities and good causes 12m nearly 12 cent and relative water use has decreased by one per cent. We are also working with our farmers suppliers and growers to improve their water efficiency see page 33. Were proud of the progress in cutting our water use this year. Going forward well continue to set stretching targets and will test some significant innovations to further reduce consumption. Paul Crewe Head of Sustainability Energy Engineering Environment 676 We now have LED lights in 676 stores depots and store support centres. This means 49 per cent of our estate is using less energy on lighting. 36 Strategic Report Ive learned that little things like shopping with specific meals in mind and thinking about what youve already got in the fridge and cupboards can all add up to make a big difference. Im saving around 60 a week We still enjoy an impromptu takeaway but were just better at remembering to use ingredients up the next day. Paula Chapman Waste less Save more pilot participant Swadlincote 10m investment over five years 130 More than 130 Discovery Communities 7.3m Designed to curb the 7.3 million tonnes of food thrown away by UK households each year 20 Over 20 wastesaving programmes trialled in Swadlincote 37 Strategic Report We want to be a place where people love to work and shop. That means harnessing the talent creativity and diversity of our colleagues to ensure that customers receive great service every time they shop at Sainsburys. Our colleagues are our foundation.