 Structural growth opportunities remain strong Total UK hotel market rooms 678000 686000 692000 709000 729000 752000 43000 6 52000 8 59000 9 c.68000 10 c.77000 11 c.86000 11 Premier Inn rooms share Budget branded Other branded Independents 9.5 share of UK hotel market 762 UK sites Strategic report Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 201617 10 Strategic report Strategy continued We are confident in our 2020 milestones but we also have considerable growth potential beyond 2020 and our advantaged business models leave us best able to capture this market opportunity. However we have decided not to create further milestones from these opportunities. How and when we take our opportunities will be a matter for us based on sustaining good returns delivering earnings growth and managing the business with flexibility and agility. Our Premier Inn network is formidable. We have 40 more sites than our nearest competitor and our consistency of customer satisfaction is a core strength. Our marketleading occupancy and direct distribution translate to good profit generation and a strong return on capital. We achieve over 13 returns across the Premier Inn Restaurants portfolio which is substantially above our cost of capital. Our ability to deliver growth is proven. We open around 4000 UK rooms per year which roughly translates to three new hotels every month. Our network plan is based on quantitative analysis and has been subject to continuous scrutiny and refinement taking account of the longterm UK growth in GDP and the effect we think disrupters of both our property portfolio and strategy. We have a unique model which creates a competitive advantage. Organisation To grow as a business and succeed on more fronts we must enhance our organisation and culture. Culturally speaking we need dynamic leadership with clear executive accountability and relentless customer focus supported by agile decision making. Strategic Priority 3 Build the capability and platform to support future growth Efficiency We have an opportunity and a need to drive efficiency through our business. The UK consumer sector is facing a mixture of macroeconomic uncertainty and mandated cost inflation. Strong returns are a nonnegotiable part of the Whitbread story so we have commenced an overarching efficiency programme. We plan to deliver significant efficiency savings worth 150 million over a five year period to help mitigate sector cost pressure. Technology We must take a proactive approach to our technology and our platform. Technology touches all stages of the customer journey online at site and across our support centre and supplier network. We will develop scalable platforms create a centre of digital excellence and embed data insight across the business. Strategic report Competitive advantage in property Property The rationale for property ownership is balanced and interconnected so to understand one element you need the bigger picture. This is captured in the virtuous circle on this page and described below. Our property strategy is centred on a balanced portfolio with Costa as an assetlight leasehold model and Premier Inn a majority freehold estate. We are focused on to share best practice. We are proud that over 50 of all our senior hires have been women and we have worked with teams throughout the Company to sponsor and celebrate women coming through the business. In the finance function we have launched a sponsorship scheme listening groups and increased parttime and job sharing opportunities with the focus of addressing gender imbalance. We also proactively sponsor initiatives such as the Women in Construction agenda where we are extremely proud to say that our very own Alison Lindsay Head of Architecture was awarded the Lifetime Achievement award. In addition our focus on creating a no limits to ambition environment has seen us continue to drive leadership awareness on the importance of diversity and promoting respect and inclusion in teams where everyone can achieve their potential. A breakdown of the directors of Whitbread senior managers and all Whitbread employees split by gender as of 2 March 2017 is set out on this page. Reinforcing our values Our culture and leadership hold at the core that our people are treated fairly empowered to develop their talent and listened to when they are concerned. Our Code of Conduct is a critical reinforcement of how we think and talk about ethical considerations and every employee is required to read and acknowledge the code every year. We have recently published our first modern slavery report in compliance with the Modern Slavery Act. The full report outlines what we are doing to mitigate the risk of modern to enable customers to make an informed choice to reformulate those dishes that are high in saturated fats salt and added sugar and to ensure that our advertising especially to children is responsible and that we are promoting healthier dishes. Examples of this strategy in action include greater choice of healthier foods in our spring 2017 menus better access to nutritional information and enhanced childrens menus with more healthy dishes to choose from and reformulation of top selling favourites such as spaghetti bolognese with reduced levels of salt and sugar. We are committed to doing more to improve the nutritional content of our menus and playing our role in improving the nations health. Butchers Block Steak is the hero at our new allday dining restaurant brand Bar Block 5 hubs a new generation of smartly designed hotels perfect for people who want to be in the heart of the city at an affordable price Strategic report Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 201617 36 Strategic report Operating review continued Customer Heartbeat continued Delighting customers with digital services Our products and services are increasingly delivered digitally. Whether that is searching for the hotel closest to where you need to be booking a hotel room from your mobile phone or preordering your cup of coffee so it is ready to collect.