 The Group has an international focus with the majority of operations in USA Connecticut New Jersey Georgia Canada Toronto Ireland and United Kingdom Bristol. The majority of the Groups underlying earnings are now in USD followed by GBP. The Group does not hedge against its USD earnings but will report translation differences. The Groups strategy is to focus on fully regulated sports betting opportunities. In the past these have been primarily parimutuel in nature. The Group is now pursuing opportunities to leverage existing gaming licences technologies and customer relationships to achieve longterm tangible shareholder returns. 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 6 27042018 2029 7 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements The Racing and Digital division is the leading supplier of technology and services to the global betting industry with systems that process approximately 12 billion in handle annually for customers in 37 countries. The Divisions proprietary Quantum System software which is extensively used by many of the worlds tote operators and its Global Quantum Data and Operations Centre keystone of a global service delivery network together form the foundation from which Sportech pursues key initiatives including international expansion growth in global commingling and the extension of digital technologies crucial to longterm reduction in capital and operational costs. Included within Racing and Digital is the nascent Bump 5050 business. Acquired in June 2014 Bump supplies instadia and beginning in 2017 online electronic lotteries to some of North Americas best known major league sports teams and entertainment venues. Bump 5050 strategy calls for continued aggressive customer acquisition activities and leveraging of online and mobile platforms to drive organic growth and reach new markets of nonsports customers. Sportech Venues operates all legal betting on horseracing greyhound racing and jai alai under an exclusive and in perpetuity licence for retail telephone internet and mobile in the State of Connecticut. Having secured the rights to open a total of 24 venues in Connecticut and having engaged actively with respect to the passage of new legislation for sports betting Venues is well positioned to act quickly to expand should sports betting invenue and online become permitted. Venues is taking a much more aggressive competitive stance with regard to its web and mobile channels. The Division is also implementing strategies to maximise return on investments made in the new Bobby Vs location in the areas of food and beverage betting and group sales through effective management and more aggressive marketing activities. Racing and Digital Venues 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 7 27042018 2030 8 Sportech PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairmans Statement 2017 was a year of significant achievement for Sportech PLC. Following a positive litigation ruling and the sale of our core UK business the Group repaid 60 million of debt and returned 75 million to shareholders whilst having sufficient cash to facilitate immediate our expectations. The Stamford location continues to build market positioning and financial momentum but the pre opening business plan was overly optimistic and the actual and now anticipated timeline for the business to reach revenues and profits commensurate with targeted initial investment returns will take well into 2019. However in order to address certain opportunities we are at an advanced stage of recruiting experienced FB and Group Sales expertise to build that side of the business aggressively going forward and to bring it in line with revenues and profit levels that this high quality and welllocated sports and wagering barrestaurant should be producing. The output and results of these actions is unlikely to have a material impact until Q3Q4 of 2018 due to the management recruiting and rebuilding of local awareness for the facility. Wagering revenues softness in the Venues business is primarily from our digital platform and at Stamford. This is being addressed through a renewed digital focused marketing plan that is concentrated on combating outofstate digital Advanced Deposit Wagering ADW operators that have recruited and taken our Connecticut resident customers into their own ADW digital platforms all based in Oregon. This business and revenue recapture and digital development will be further augmented and supported through the anticipated gaming bill SB 276 coming into force and effect late this spring for which the Group has led the lobby with our Connecticut General Assembly and Department of Consumer Protection regulatory offices. The gaming Chairmans Statement continued 170749 Sportech Front end to that position on 14 March 2018 although I joined the Board in January 2017. 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 14 27042018 2030 15 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Despite missing our 2017 international sales targets the Racing and Digital divisions core recurring tote technology service and Bump 5050 revenues have progressed well providing a clear indication of longer term sustained earnings growth and value creation emanating from the technology and business investments already made. The sales anticipated in 2017 that did not come to fruition have not yet been closed and continue to be considered realistic opportunities. Some of these have been rolled into our 2018 pipeline including multiple projects in Asia and Europe such as our recently announced Quantum System upgrade sale to Royal Sabah Turf Club of Malaysia. After four years of strong sales revenues with annual average sales exceeding USD6.5million and contribution margins of 45 2017 is considered an unusually low sales year. However continued strong growth in recurring commingling service revenues helped offset this onetime relatively soft year in sales. Developments In 2017 key technology advances in the core Quantum System software were realised and the global commingling business grew significantly through highvalue connections between the UK Asia Europe and North America facilitated by the global network of Quantum Data and Operations Centres. These are Sportechs proprietary products and centres.