 These risks include the uncertainty that the Group will discover sufficient commercially exploitable oil or gas resources in unproven areas of its licences. Unsuccessful exploration efforts may result in impairment to the balance sheet value of exploration assets. However the Groups current plans involve limited expenditure in explorationrelated activities. In February 2018 the Group commissioned an updated reserve evaluation based on reporting standards set by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. The reserve report delivered to and adopted by management on 12 April 2018 resulted in a downward revision by approximately 27 to the Groups reserves as at 31 December 2017. Management considers the new reserve 14 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 The Group liaises closely with the Federal Service of Environmental Technological and Nuclear Resources of the Saratov and Volgograd Oblasts on potential environmental impact of its operations and conducts environmental studies both as required by and in addition to its licence obligations to mitigate any specific risk. The Groups operations are regularly subject to independent environmental audit. The Group did not incur any material costs relating to the compliance with environmental laws during the period. Risk of operating oil and gas properties The oil and gas business involves certain operating hazards such as well blowouts cratering explosions uncontrollable flows of oil gas or well fluids fires pollution and releases of toxic substances. Any of these operating hazards could cause serious injuries fatalities or property damage which could expose the conflicts between and within various laws regulations decrees orders and resolutions. Relative inexperience of the judiciary and courts in such matters. In certain jurisdictions the commitment of local business people government officials and agencies and the judicial system to abide by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain creating particular concerns with respect to licences and agreements for business. These may be susceptible to revision or cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed. There can be no assurance that joint ventures licences licence applications or other legal arrangements will not be adversely affected by the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Business in Russia Amongst the risks that face the Group in conducting business and operations in Russia are Economic instability including in other countries or the global economy that could lead to consequences such as hyperinflation currency fluctuations and a decline in per capita income in the Russian economy. Governmental and political instability that could disrupt delay or curtail economic and regulatory reform increase centralised authority or result in nationalisations. Social instability from any ethnic religious historical or other divisions that could lead to a rise in nationalism social and political disturbances or conflict. Uncertainties in the developing legal and regulatory environment including but not limited to conflicting laws decrees and regulations applicable to the oil and gas industry and foreign investment. Unlawful or arbitrary action against the Group and its interests by the regulatory authorities including the suspension or revocation of their oil or gas contracts licences or permits or preferential treatment of their competitors. Lack of independence and experience of the judiciary difficulty in enforcing court or arbitration decisions and governmental discretion in enforcing claims. Unexpected changes to the federal and local tax systems. Laws restricting foreign investment in the oil and gas industry. The imposition of sanctions upon certain entities in Russia. The Groups operations and financial management have not been impacted directly by any sanctions to date. Principal Risks and Uncertainties continued 15 Volga Gas plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report C or p or at e Governance Financial Statements Capital risk The Group manages capital to ensure that it is able to continue as a going concern whilst maximising the return to shareholders. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. The Board regularly monitors the future capital requirements of the Group particularly in respect of its ongoing development programme. Management expects that the cash generated by the operating fields will be sufficient to sustain the Groups operations and committed capital investment for the foreseeable future and has a policy of maintaining a minimum level of liquidity to cover forward obligations. Further shortterm debt facilities may be arranged to provide financial headroom for future development activities. Bribery The Company is subject to numerous requirements and standards including the UK Bribery Act. In addition the Group is subject to antibribery and anticorruption laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which it operates. Failure to comply with of assets that give rise to the cash flows. The cashgenerating unit CGU is the lowest level of asset at which independent cash flows can be generated. For this purpose the directors consider the Group to have two CGUs the VM and Dobrinskoye fields with the Dobrinskoye gas processing plant are treated as a single CGU and the Uzen oil field is a separate CGU. The estimation of forecast cash flows involves the application of a number of significant judgements and estimates to a number of variables including production volumes commodity prices operating costs capital investment hydrocarbon reserves estimates and discount rates. Key assumptions and estimates in the impairment models relate to International oil prices flat real prices reflecting the actual levels pertaining at 31 December 2017 Urals oil price of US65 per barrel. No forward price escalation is assumed. Selling prices for oil condensate and LPG that reflect international oil prices less export taxes at the current applicable official rates and a price differential of 5 per barrel to reflect transportation costs. Based on commercial studies conducted during 2016 and 2017 LPG is expected to achieve a premium per tonne over condensate whereas the models assume price parity. Gas sales price of RUR 4025 per mcm excluding VAT. Production profiles based on remaining reserves in the proved category and approved field development plans. For the purposes of impairment testing the level of reserves used are those recently provided to the Group by the independent consultancy Geostream.