 Having previously targeted active traders who are valuable because they tend to deal frequently and in large sizes we have now widened our product range in our more mature markets to appeal additionally to sophisticated and active investors. These clients select providers who offer the best tools and products and the highest standards of integrity to manage their longterm finances. IG is ideally positioned to fulfil their needs and so to enhance client loyalty and improve retention. Successfully launched a new selfdirected wealth management platform to UK investors with a full ISA and SIPP offering Launched and rolled out our marketleading limited risk account which provides downsideprotection for clients Broadened the IG ecosystem through MyIG allowing clients a single portal from which to access all their accounts education analysis and content. Additional functionality will be continually rolled out through this tool Purchased assets of DailyFX a news research and analysis website that helps clients and prospects improve their trading knowledge. With content that is suitable for novice traders through to those with advanced knowledge it helps people identify trading opportunities and offers education and insight with direct links to IGs product set Continue development of our investments product including allowing clients to individually configure their portfolios and consider the launch of the product in additional countries Support this with an extension of the share dealing platform improving functionality around ensure only entirely appropriate clients receive accounts with IG Provide an unrivalled customer experience by leveraging our internal expertise acting on research and analytics data and making best use of tools such as our customer contact management system Extend our availability to clients moving closer to 247365 Adapt our offering to enable IG to adjust very quickly to regulatory change Continue to expand our share dealing and investments business Offer clients an everincreasing range of products in response to their demand and market opportunities for example increasing our range of crypto currencies Strengthen our global reach We have a mix of more and less mature countries of operation all of which have room for growth. Having initially executed our international expansion by establishing a local presence we are now also seeking to grow our business across borders without the need for a physical presence utilising the strength of our single global brand combined with our expertise in online marketing techniques. Achieved significant growth in our new Switzerland and Dubai offices both of which are performing ahead of our expectations Continued rollout of localised websites to improve client acquisition across diverse territories Over 35 million of revenue generated from clients based in countries where we do not have an office Increase opportunities in nonoffice locations by providing dedicated ownership of target countries Develop bestinclass websites that boast easy navigation leadingedge web technology and effective search engine optimisation Maximise the impact of DailyFX to expand IGs brand awareness in retail FX Assess take advantage of our awardwinning dealing technology and expertise. They introduce their clients to us and we handle all trading activity and provide backend support. The introducer manages the client relationship. IG also provides services to corporate entities including asset managers hedge funds broker dealers and competitors who lack sufficient scale to gain direct access to the major hedging counterparties. We carefully assess the risk and potential returns from introducers and corporate entities and only partner with reputable institutions that are committed to the same rigorous standards of regulatory compliance as ourselves and that fit our risk profile. Client acquisition and education Acquiring a new client begins with a targeted global marketing effort with online marketing managed centrally and offline activity managed by country offices. Our sophisticated online marketing uses an algorithmic approach which enables us to reach larger numbers of the right prospects more efficiently. We are able to react immediately to world events creating campaigns rapidly and rolling them out to relevant regions with appropriate local adjustments. As well as marketing our products directly we provide a number of education news and analysis services which encourage people to engage with IG and to learn about our products and how to trade effectively and responsibly. These include the IG Academy app the IG Live TV channel a suite of YouTube videos and a wide range of seminars and webinars. During the past financial year the Group purchased the DailyFX website a leading global news information and education and discussion great place to work. To understand our employees perceptions of the business and address their concerns we carry out an annual engagement survey. By collecting their feedback in this way we give our people a direct channel of communication to the executive team and the Board. We take into account the insights we receive when making decisions that are likely to affect employees interests. A diverse and fair workplace We believe that a diverse workforce brings creative energy to our business and we are committed to developing a team of individuals with the best skills to help us realise our vision and strategy regardless of their ethnicity faith gender identity sexual orientation or physical capacity. Our inclusive culture was evidenced in 2016 when our employees led the creation of IG Open a network for those who identify themselves as LGBT and their allies. We have extensive human resource policies in place to ensure that we recruit the right people and enable them to develop without experiencing discrimination or harassment. We continuously reinforce the need to treat all employees fairly creating an environment free from bullying where people of all grades or positions enjoy dignity and respect. We fully consider applications for employment from disabled persons with aptitudes and abilities in line with our requirements. Where existing employees become disabled temporarily or permanently it is our policy to provide continuing employment wherever practicable in the same or an alternative position.