 To this end in September 2017 we launched Shaping Your World which informs pupils aged 1115 about careers in construction and the wider built environment. As part of this campaign we have created the Kier 1 pledge which commits that over 200 Kier employees will visit schools as our ambassadors to talk about the diverse career paths on offer across the Group from quantity surveying to civil engineering. This activity will also help to recruit older students for our apprenticeship programmes and graduate schemes. As a member of the 5 Club we also ensure that 5 of our workforce is made up of apprentices and graduates. We have a strong track record of providing dedicated and tailored development to our existing employees giving them the career support and guidance they require. Personally what highlights or events stood out for you during 2017 Throughout the year we demonstrated that we can grow both organically and through acquisition. The substantial completion of the portfolio simplification programme was a significant achievement as it enables us to move forward with clear focus emissions 129839 123298 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratio 36.6 tm 31.4 tm Revenue m calendar year 3552 3928 Our reporting of greenhouse gas emissions is for the calendar year 2016 to mirror our reporting to the Carbon Disclosure Project. Our dataset covers 94 of Kiers operations by revenue excluding Scope 1 fugitive emissions and joint venturesjoint operations where we are not in financial control. Reporting follows the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 Strategic Report and Directors Report Regulations 2013 is in line with ISAE 3410 and uses conversion factors published by DEFRA. Human rights During the year we launched a programme of training and awareness for employees responsible for procurement of construction materials and products. We also undertook business audits against performance measures established in our modern slavery statement last year. No issues were identified on audit and we will expand this approach over time so that by 2020 we expect 90 of our preferred material suppliers to have been through this audit process. Our confidential whistleblowing line also allows for any concerns to be raised directly. Diversity The future success of Kier depends on our ability to recruit and retain the best talent. We operate in sectors where there is strong competition for skilled workers and which are likely to be disrupted by new technology. A balanced business which makes the most of the diversity of talent and experience available to us will ensure we have the agility and resilience to continue to innovate and grow our business As part of Vision 2020 we set a goal to improve the diversity of our graduates apprentices and trainees to reflect the mix in the communities in which we operate. In the last year we have undertaken a number of initiatives including Establishing the Balanced Business Network to champion and promote diversity and inclusion in Kier with Claudio Veritiero becoming the Board champion. LGBTQ network launched. Demonstrated our commitment to creating a more diverse and inclusive workforce by joining peers from the construction industry at the Pride London and Manchester events supporting buildingequality. Run a regular series of diversity events to promote and encourage networking and awareness of the benefits of more diverse employees. Established training on relevant skills such as how to identify and eliminate unconscious bias in recruitment. Participated in UK wide research into what drives the career choices made by men and women. Launched an enhanced family friendly policy. Male Female All employees 12425 77 3808 23 Senior management 272 90 29 10 Directors 9 82 2 18 Ethnicity of employees White 60 Not stated 35 Black and minority ethnic 5 1 Data is based on a spot audit at year end and excludes locally employed overseas and McNicholas data. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Kier Group plc Report and Accounts 2017 33 Strategic Report Risk overview Managing risk to protect and grow our business Effective risk management remains critical to our success. We have continued to review our approach to risk management in 2017 taking into of project specialisms overreliance on key staff and loss of key skills. Focus on reduction of voluntary turnover of employees in particular new hire turnover through better hiring for fit improved induction and onboarding and employee engagement initiatives. Launch of marketbenchmarked reward and benefits offer. Strategic workforce plan implemented to provide insight on forecast skills needs and headcount and insight on skills and retention hot spots or systemic issues to target. Employer brand embedded in talent attraction and reflected in internal employer value offer. Talent fasttrack programme in place to retain and progress key talent at all levels. Balanced Business strategy agreed with the ExCo to drive inclusion and diversity. Targeted action taken to improve the diversity mix and inclusive work climate including internal targetsetting. 9. Innovation Insufficient innovation to maintain market position Description Key mitigationscontrols We operate in an increasingly dynamic and changing environment. To counter the risks associated with this and most importantly to exploit the opportunities it presents we must embrace innovation and capitalise on technology advancements to ensure we maintain our market position. Given the depth and pace of change in this arena this riskopportunity has increased in focus and importance from last year and is now listed as a PRU.