 We enabled additional annual savings for airline customers of 55900 tonnes of CO 2 emissions. Deliver SESAR and transform the business for the future We consulted customers on our revised investment plan for RP2 which accelerates the deployment of SESAR technology. Important milestones included implementation of our new flight data processor iTEC 4 into Prestwick upper airspace and live trials of electronic flights strips by the Terminal Control TC operation. Win and retain commercial business We were awarded ATC and engineering contracts by George Best Belfast City Airport and an airspace design contract for Thailand. FerroNATS secured ATC contracts at three additional Spanish airports. We renewed ATC contracts with Aberdeen Glasgow and Southampton and extended our ATC contract with Luton for one year. We also renewed the engineering service with Highlands and Islands Airports. Edinburgh Airports ATC service will transfer to a competitor in March 2018. Other priorities for 201617 We invested in April 2017 in Searidge Technologies a provider of technology for remote tower services and continue to develop a remotelyoperated airport control tower capability at Swanwick. We are supporting Aquila with the MODs Project Marshall and we have formed a task force with our partner Thales to replan the delivery of the asset provision milestones. Financial year ended 31 March m unless otherwise specified 2017 2016 Change Revenue 919.3 898.1 2.4 Profit before tax and goodwill impairment 136.5 137.1 0.4 Profit before tax 125.5 44.4 182.7 Capital expenditure 156.4 147.6 more flights than last year. We saw high growth rates in international flights particularly from London airports and the volume of North Atlantic flights exceeded its previous peak in 2008. The number of flights was also higher than projected by the Civil Aviation Authority CAA in our Performance Plan for Reference Period 2 RP2 20152019 which while challenging to handle operationally has benefited our revenue. The basic structure of the UKs airspace its routes sectors and holding patterns was designed over 50 years ago when traffic volumes were far lower than they are today. Airspace in the South East is now operating to its maximum capacity during the busiest times of the year. When the airspace is at capacity our service performance is very sensitive to the timing and distribution of traffic flows across the country. This was evident last summer when periods of bad weather combined with industrial action in neighbouring countries causing flights to divert into UK airspace changed the patterns of flight across the UK. We faced similar operational challenges when particularly high demand coincided with the introduction of new systems e.g. iTEC into our operation. Our primary objective is to ensure that irrespective of the prevailing conditions all flights are handled safely. For this reason on certain days we regulated traffic flows in some sectors of airspace to maintain safety which resulted in more air traffic delay than has been seen in recent years and slightly more than our regulatory targets anticipated. However at no point airspace from our Prestwick Centre and we have started trial operational use of electronic flight strips in our Swanwick terminal control operation. Chief Executives review NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 11 Progress Chief Executives review Win and retain commercial business We are working hard to strengthen that part of our business which is not economically regulated. In particular within the UK we face increasing competition for the provision of airports ATC. Our response is to build trusting and sustainable partnerships with UK airport customers combined with a clear and compelling proposition for different airport market segments and to use advances in technology to improve price competitiveness. During the year we were awarded the ATC contract by George Best Belfast City Airport and renewed ATC contracts with Aberdeen Glasgow and Southampton airports along with our engineering contract with Highlands and Islands Airports. However the Edinburgh Airport ATC service will transfer to a competitor at the end of March 2018 and we are working with the airport and its new provider on the transition of this service. This is evidence that we must continue to innovate and offer our service cost effectively. Digital towers which see air traffic controllers manage aircraft from remote facilities instead of in traditional airport towers are becoming a demonstrably viable option for airports and have the potential to transform the way air navigation services at airports are delivered London City has announced plans for a digital tower service in the future. In progress against plans. Also the basis for a specific licence requirement for NERL to set out detailed plans to raise the UK Transition Altitude 13 to 18000 feet by 2018 and implement the terminal airspace redesign associated with LAMP 14 has been removed as these changes are not in NERLs direct control and are dependent on public consultation and other stakeholders. As explained below certain aspects of LAMP will now be delivered in RP3. Safety regulatory and economic environment Regulatory environment NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 24 Progress The objective of NERLs capital investment programme is to sustain develop and enhance operational capabilities to ensure the ability to provide ongoing service performance resilience to unplanned events including system failure and to improve performance and value to customers in line with agreed performance targets. The investment programme comprises two main areas airspace and technology. This year NERL consulted its customers on a revised capital investment plan for RP2. This follows changes in the business environment and technological landscape since NERLs RP2 Performance Plan was produced such as higher than expected traffic growth reduced fuel prices the EU requirement to implement PCPs and the development of SESAR capable systems such as iTEC. Increased traffic volume means that continuing to exploit our legacy systems is no longer costeffective or efficient and accelerating investment in new future technologies that enhance capacity and efficiency is necessary.