 Locations United Kingdom Cambridge UK Liverpool UK London UK Theale UK Glasgow UK Woodcote UK Barton under Needwood UK Derry N.Ireland Europe Brussels Belgium Paris France Rennes France Berlin Germany Goor Holland Utrecht Holland Skopje Macedonia Birkirkara Malta Limerick Ireland Rest of the World Houston USA Pune India What We Do Offices 19 offices worldwide Employees 845 Group employees We support our customers by delivering solutions that provide the right tools at the right time to enable better service delivery and business efficiency across a number of sectors. Our core areas of operation include Public Services Engineering Funding Commercial and Digital with broad and demonstrable capabilities and expertise that have supported and continue to support a wide range of customers including government departments and agencies local government the police and emergency services health and social care transport education and commercial organisations. Idox is committed to helping the public sector to strengthen grow and thrive. As a trusted partner for over 30 years we serve the public sector organisations that are adapting and enhancing 31 October was 1.7 times. Cash conversion has improved to 82 2016 63. Group Strategy The Group continued its focus on providing digital solutions and services to the public sector in the United Kingdom and Europe. The key to our success is to ensure we deliver better user results and productivity improvements for customers through focusing on usability functionality and application of integrated digital technologies and solutions. The Group has had a setback this year but the Board believes it can bounce back quickly with the steps already taken to rectify the issues identified and reflecting the underlying strengths of the core business its product offering and talented people. Acquisitions During the financial year two acquisitions were completed 6PM for 18.5 million and Halarose for 5.0 million both in line with our strategy and both of which contributed to this years financial results. 6PM represented a significant expansion into one of the most important and largest public services healthcare. Halarose significantly consolidates our position in elections. The Board believes that both will deliver earnings enhancing contributions in future periods. The 6PM acquisition was funded by means of a placing of new shares which raised gross proceeds of 20.5 million whilst 3.5m of the Halarose acquisition was financed out of the Groups existing cash resources with 1.5m settled in shares. Dividends The Board proposes subject to approval at the Companys Annual General Meeting that a final dividend of 0.655p 2016 0.650p be paid bringing the total for the year to 1.04p three years are in line with our planning and expectations and should drive takeup of our new cost saving solutions. Our Business Model Idox is the leading applications provider to UK local government for core functions relating to land people and property such as its market leading planning systems and election management software. Over 90 of UK local authorities are now customers for one or more of the Groups products. Idox provides public sector organisations with tools to manage information and knowledge documents content business processes and workflow as well as connecting directly with the citizen via the web and providing elections management solutions decision support content such as grants and planning policy information and corporate compliance services engineering document control project collaboration and facility management applications to many leading companies in industries such as oil and gas architecture and construction mining utilities pharmaceuticals and transportation in North America and around the world. The Group employs 845 staff located in the UK the USA Canada Europe India and Australia. 08 Idox plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 October 2017 Profit before interest tax depreciation amortisation restructuring costs acquisition costs impairment corporate finance costs and share option costs Strategy Our strategy is to become the partner of choice due to our domain expertise continued innovation quality of service and guaranteed delivery. Through this focus on quality and delivery we expect to demonstrate to our customers improvements in operational efficiency and return on investment which will result in contract in Q1 2018. These solutions offer real time adaptive traffic signalling dynamic timetabling and printing alters and monitoring solutions for multi modal journeys dynamic stand management performance monitoring of journey times bus lateness and air quality as well as green wave solutions to control vehicle speed for current and autonomous vehicles. They represent our longterm investment in smart City solutions which we believe represents an attractive opportunity for the Group. Facilities management FM had another good year and has now started to work more closely with our health business to deliver FM solutions linked with asset tracking to hospitals. 11 Company Information Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview Strategic Report Chief Executives Review Chief Executives Review continued 6PM Postacquisition integration of 6PM quickly uncovered a number of issues which resulted in The restatement of 6PMs audited accounts due to material errors which were identified in due diligence. Discovery of additional unaccrued costs. Incurring oneoff legal auditing and consulting costs to expedite discipline in the business. Increased management time and resources to achieve the partial integration which detracted attention from the core business. The points above resulted in a reassessment of forecasts and an agreed impairment of 2.7m to the carrying value of goodwill in the accounts. Continued and extended discussions with our auditors over the recognition of revenues in 2017.