 Customer focussed initiatives were launched to improve responsiveness and service levels including customer surveys and these have also made a major contribution to our strong performance. I am pleased to report that the actions undertaken by management have enabled us to report substantially improved results. Jan strand Chairman Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Results overview Revenue increased to 369.4m 2016 329.1m following actions to better address the SME market and improve nonhire revenues. Overhead costs have been tightly controlled with further savings realised during the year partially offset by bonuses payable due to the good results. The hire fleet reduced by 11.4 to 194.8m as a result of targeted disposals and improved asset utilisation whilst net debt 1 fell significantly to 71.4m 2016 102.6m. Return on capital employed 2 a key measure increased by 140.6 to 7.7 excluding disposals ROCE 2 was 8.4 2016 3.0. The Group has a strong balance sheet and substantial headroom with which to grow organically or through targeted value enhancing acquisitions in order to strengthen our market position. Acquisition On 19 December 2016 we announced the acquisition of the brand business and assets of Lloyds British Testing Limited Lloyds British from the Administrator PwC. Lloyds British is a specialist business which increase efficiency and reduce costs. Adjusted profit before tax 1 increased by 224.0 to 16.2m 2016 5.0m benefitting from lower interest costs due to the lower net debt 2 and an improved performance from joint venture operations. Profit before tax was 14.4m 2016 loss 57.6m. The prior year result was affected by the write off of goodwill and exceptional costs. Adjusted earnings per share 3 increased to 2.44 pence 2016 0.79 pence. We continue to focus on our customers experience t he recovery plan is now complete and with the business stabilised revenue growing a lower cost and asset base improved systems and management information we have a strong platform for future profitable growth. Russell Down Chief Executive Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategy Speedy provide safe and reliable hire equipment and services to enable the successful delivery of customer projects. Approximately 60 of our revenues are derived from products we own and hire out to customers. The remainder of our revenues come from our partnered services division where we rehire equipment from other providers in order to meet customer demand and secondary revenues such as transport consumables fuel inspection and training. Our customers range from large multinational corporations with whom we have framework contracts to local builders during the year we traded with over 50000 customers. We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented marketplace with a number of national regional and local competitors. Our strategy is designed to its customers. During the year we launched our vision of becoming the best company to do business with in our sector and the best to work for and have further developed our strategy to help us achieve these aims. We have improved the customer experience in a number of ways including through embedding new customer feedback technology that enables customers to review our service in real time and at a local level. This feedback gives us the opportunity to respond immediately to any issues that may arise. We have also launched an internal initiative made up of four key programmes that ensure our people understand and can contribute to our strategic vision promoting our brand proposition improving customer satisfaction enhancing internal advocacy and engagement and delivering better systems processes and management information. These programmes are monitored and reported on monthly at the Executive Board and are improving business performance. Our focus on strong customer relationships has enabled us to win and renew a number of contracts with our larger customers including a contract renewal and scope extension with Carillion Plc which in total could be worth up to 45m over three years and renewals with Babcock and Morgan Sindall Plc. Whilst there is some market uncertainty in the lead up to Brexit and the general election we are now well placed to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Operational review uK and ireland The UK and Ireland business contributed 92.8 of Group revenues. Revenue increased by 11.1 to 342.9m 2016 308.7m services offered through this innovative technology. Smart Device technology is improving the accuracy of information and reducing customer queries. Innovation and diferentiation We have introduced over 70 new and innovative products into the fleet in the last year. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 t he babcock team learnt a great deal around new products innovation and it confirmed your value add as a Managed Service provider in the category. your team work very hard at challenging us to change and innovate in our practises and we welcome more of the same to deliver greater operational effectiveness. I know the visiting babcock team left with an epod sized list of new ideas to prioritise. c ongratulations to all in Speedy on staging a magnificent Speedy Expo and concluding an industry leading event. Dean Blood Supply Chain Director Marine and Technology Babcock International Group i would like to congratulate you all at Speedy in my position of c hairman at the c onstruction plant hire a ssociation on the way that your expo was conducted. it was fantastic to spend some time amongst people within our great industry so upbeat and positive of the future in plant hire and it was exciting to see so many products that I am sure will benefit not just National g rid but the u tility sector overall.