 This includes inhaled reformulations of medicines normally delivered by the oral or injectable route including biologics. Our inhouse capability to design and engineer our own formulations and adapt their aerodynamic properties by altering size shape surface roughness and surface chemistry to optimise them for their particular purpose. For example we can engineer a particle to make it less sticky so that it flows and aerosolises better and has the potential to be delivered with higher efficiency to effect an increased efficacy. The versatility and ability to alter drug formulations according to dosing regimens is key when delivering complex biologics and is increasingly demanded by regulators and physicians. Our wide range of delivery devices also allows us to easily combine different molecules together in combination products. We are an attractive partner for pharma companies working closely with them to select the right technology for the intended patient and disease before the formulation or device becomes fixed in the later stages of development. Comprehensive enabling formulation technology Vecturas advanced inhouse analytical capability further cements the Companys ability to support all phases of inhalation product development. Vectura has extensive stateoftheart analytical testing facilities within the body potentially reducing the risk of steroidrelated adverse effects in children. These promising patient benefits offer the opportunity to capture a sizable market share at brandlevel prices. Key dates Estimated Phase II study completion date Q3 2018 Anticipated conclusion of partnering discussions 2019 1 Hyland ME Whalley B Jones RC et al. A qualitative study of the impact of severe asthma and its treatment showing that treatment burden is neglected in existing asthma assessment scales. Quality of Life Research. 2015 24 3 631619. 2 HRW Physician Research 2015Adelphi Payer Research 2016. 3 D. Price et al PCRM 2014 24. 4 DH. Smith et al. AJRCC 1997 156. 5 Decision Resources Group Asthma Epidemiology Mature Markets. All Populations Full Details DR Mar 2017 Adelphi Priority DSP analysis for Vectura 4.6.17. 6 Peak sales bases upon consensus of those analysts who have published productlevel forecasts. Provided for indicative purposes and not necessarily representing the view of management. 7 2017 FY1 QVIA MIDAS Q4 2017. VR647 reduced the treatment times from 1215 minutes down to 14 minutes US market for nebulised budesonide is valued at approximately 770m STRATEGIC REPORT Our FAVORITE technology is also used in our FOX handheld nebuliser device which is now clinically and commercially validated and used in Bayers onmarket Breelib TM product. Read case study on page 23 Proprietary flow rate management with valve and colour changes reinforcing optimum inhalation technique 46 Vectura Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS Measuring our progress 2017 throughout the organisation our allemployee quarterly business updates hosted by members of the Executive Leadership Team are used to share strategy programme people and business performance updates through the use of a balanced scorecard and facilitate twoway dialogue through QA our business leaders briefing packs which are issued post the Quarterly Leadership Team meetings to facilitate ongoing engagement via team cascade sessions to ensure that all employees understand how their work contributes to the overall progress of Vectura and our annual employee engagement survey the 2017 annual survey was conducted in March 2017 84 of employees responded and we received feedback indicating we are ahead of the comparator benchmarks including the top 10 of participating companies in the following areas employees are encouraged to share their thoughts and views with their managers and senior leaders at my organisation my manager communicates well with me giving me clear feedback on my work and performance and my organisations values have been clearly articulated. We use the feedback obtained from the processes and activities outlined above to determine key priority areas for improvement going forward and we regularly communicate our progress. We monitor our employee turnover on a monthly basis to identify any possible employee relations or motivational issues and to assist in our recruitment and resource planning. During 2018 we will continue to review employee communication channels to identify opportunities for continuous improvement.