 We have also strengthened further our distribution capability in the UK and internationally. Ian Chimes joined us in February 2017 as Head of Global Distribution and he has recruited two regional salesmen for the North of England and Scotland and the Midlands. This will enhance our client service further through understanding and engaging with a broader range of clients. The brand awareness and understanding of Liontrust and the engagement with the Company has grown among intermediaries and consumers and reflects our distinct identity and strong messaging. This is being driven particularly by our advertising press coverage investor communications and sponsorships. Our new website and expanding digital activity will enhance further our marketing capability and engagement with intermediaries and consumers. Assets under Management On 31 March 2017 our AuM stood at 6523 million 2016 4791 million an increase of 36 over the financial year. A reconciliation of AuM as at 31 March 2017 is as follows Process Total m Institutional m UK Retail m MPS 1 m Offshore Funds m Cashflow Solution 927 525 307 95 Economic Advantage 3926 265 3596 65 Macro Thematic 653 254 369 30 European Income 240 240 Asia 94 85 9 Structural Opps 20 20 MultiAsset 612 352 260 Indexed 51 51 Total 6523 1396 4648 260 219 1 Managed Portfolio Services are where we act as discretionary fund manager to a range of model portfolios which are marketed to before joining Neptune Investment Management as a fund manager and financial analyst. He moved to Argonaut Capital in 2005. Olly has 19 years of investment experience. Olly Russ has three objectives in managing his funds a yield that is higher than the market an income stream that grows in the long run faster than inflation and longterm capital growth that is at least in line with inflation. Olly seeks to achieve these aims through investing in growing companies with low capital requirements that pay out expanding dividends. He uses dividend growth as a proxy for earnings growth Olly expects to see dividends rising over time as companies increase pay outs to shareholders while earnings grow. Since dividends are paid out in cash companies with increasing pay outs will need to produce highquality cash earnings with less scope for artificial inflation through financial manipulation or lower quality numbers. Olly believes a company targeting shareholder pay outs should help improve management focus on capital discipline which can help to sustain higher valuations and avoid valuedestroying actions. They are typically more stable mature and secure companies whose asset base and business has been built up over many years and is defended by an economic moat an economic edge competitive advantage or assets that are hard to replicate by new entrants such as a strong brand niche products or a dominant market position. Owning the types of companies described above may not alone produce market outperformance. To produce superior riskadjusted returns Olly looks for as Principal Partner of Oxford United football club and continued our partnership with ZSL London Zoo to support its conservation work with Asiatic lions in India. Oxford United have enjoyed another successful season which is helping to enhance Liontrusts profile. Oxford reached the FA Cup Fifth Round having beaten Newcastle United in the Fourth Round and reached the Final of the Checkatrade T rophy at Wembley for the second year running while finishing eighth in their first season in League One. The effectiveness of our marketing and brand is shown by the relatively high recognition and positive awareness figures we gain among intermediaries relative to how much we spend compared with competitors. Distribution Institutional Sales MultiAssets Sales Regional Whole of Market Sales Single Strategy Sales International Sales Operations review We are focused on maintaining an operations team that is efficient scalable and that gives us the ability to continue our growth whilst delivering returns to shareholders. With the growth in our business we performed a strategic review of our Front Office IT infrastructure and as a result strengthened our IT governance arrangements and also restructured and expanded our IT support team. Our three key operations team are ITOffice team which focuses on the development and implementation of a cloudbased server infrastructure delivery of IT hardware upgrades and the maintenance of a higher quality office environment Investment Operations team to continue to improve systems and processes and monitor our outsourced providers for accounting and fund valuation services Transfer Agency team to working together towards the same goals via a dedicated relationship management team and through a comprehensive monitoring programme. Failure of any outsource provider presents a real threat to the business and our continuity planning incorporates a stepped approach to manage and control these risks. The key operational risks that have been identified as potentially having a significant impact on our business or capital are as follows Trading errors Failure of key systems Failure of key supplier or outsource provider Corporate action errors Regulatory breaches Breach of mandate restrictions Business continuity failure Liontrust has made a number of acquisitions over the last few years and during any period of integration of systems controls and procedures there is a higher risk of failure of controls due to an increase in counterparties more similar but not identical procedures and changing staff responsibilities. Liontrust devotes considerable management time to integrating each acquisition and aims to minimise operational risk arising from consolidation. Liontrust also commissions an external accountancy firm to report on internal controls in accordance with AAF 0106. Other risks The firm also faces other risks such as regulatory risk key employee risk market changes misselling and the underperformance of one or more of the investment processes. Regulatory risk and Brexit The regulatory environment that the Group operates in continues to grow more complex.