 Accoya is the material of choice for a wide range of demanding outdoor applications from windows and doors decking to cladding bridges to exterior structures and applications that are presently only feasible with non sustainable or manmade materials. www.accoya.com Tricoya wood elements are used in the manufacturing of Tricoya panel products. Tricoya is opening new markets where wood based panels would never have been considered before. Tricoya panels demonstrate significantly enhanced durability and exceptional dimensional stability which allow Tricoya panels to be used in a wide variety of applications such as window components and door skins faade cladding wet interiors and much much more. The raw wood material that is used for Tricoya production is sourced from FSC certified forests. Production will be extremely resourceefficient using chips from locally grown pine including the parts of trees which are not used to make any other wood based product and would otherwise be sent to waste streams. Tricoya is also guaranteed for 50 years above ground and 25 years in ground or freshwater its performance and properties are outstanding. www.tricoya.com NEW TRICOYA CONSORTIUM FORMED See our focus story on pages 10 to 11 Our History 2005 Accsys Technologies listed on London Stock Exchange AIM market 2007 Construction of full scale proof of concept production plant in Arnhem in 2007 First commercial sales of Accoya crosslisted on Euronext Amsterdam 2009 Current CEO joins restructuring the Group Joint Development Agreement wood species our products provide compelling environmental advantages over scarce slow growing hardwoods woods treated with toxic chemicals and nonrenewable carbonintensive materials such as plastics steel and concrete. We have obtained numerous certifications and accreditations including Accoya being Cradle to Cradle Gold certified. Proprietary and protected technologies which chemically modify wood through a proprietary process. The resulting products benefit from exceptional dimensional stability durability and many other qualities. Our products are first in class and leading the revolution of modified woods in a building industry which is starting to recognise and adopt to the significant long term benefits of such materials. SUBSTANTIAL MARKET OPPORTUNITY SUSTAINABILITY WORLD LEADERS IN WOOD TECHNOLOGY See Sustainability report on page 34 See page 25 in the Chief Executives report See Our Market on page 12 05 OVERVIEW GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our manufacturing process and modular industrial design is based upon confidential and protected IP which can be expanded and replicated worldwide. Our existing Accoya site is in the process of being doubled in size in two equal stages. The new Tricoya plant in Hull is being constructed with a view to further significant expansion. Our business development team works to identify locations and partners to ensure new manufacturing capacity can be developed to meet the long term global demand. Our Board and Senior Management team are highly committed and experienced with varied backgrounds including from the wood chemical and finance industries. The team has remained largely unchanged over the last few years as cladding soffits and eaves exterior joinery wet interiors door skins flooring signage and marine uses. Tricoya displaces alternative more expensive or less easily handled products and opens up major new market opportunities in the construction sector. The global market for Tricoya panel products is estimated in excess of 1.6 million cubic meters and up to approximately 4.5 million cubic meters per annum. This would equate to around 1 of global MDF manufacturing capacity. Tricoya panels were introduced to the market by Medite in 2012 manufactured using chipped Accoya as a production solution in the period before the dedicated wood chip acetylation plant is built. Sales have increased significantly each year since and total panel sales to date exceed 17200m 3 1585000m 2 representing a sales value of approximately 26m. Last year sales grew by 32 to 5806m 3. ACCSYS TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 14 OUR BUSINESS MODEL Investment in RD People and Partnerships SUSTAINABILITY Accoya and Tricoya are high performance building solutions which are environmentally friendly over their full life cycle. They are made from abundantly available fast growing sustainable renewable resources with durability and dimensional stability exceeding the best performing tropical and temperate hardwoods and manufactured wood and nonwood panels. Intellectual property expertise and innovation Our IP is protected on different levels and is exploited in different ways. We have developed families of patents relating to our products and processes which provide robust protection and enable us to market to third parties. Equally important is knowhow and trade Certification on the elusive C2C Gold Level. Cradle to Cradle C2C provides a means to tangibly and credibly measure achievement in environmentallyintelligent design including the use of environmentally safe healthy materials and instituting strategies for social responsibility. Accoya wood also recently received Platinum status for Material Health meaning manufacturers are trusted with the way to communicate their work towards chemically optimised products. BREEAM LEED worldwide BREEAM mainly used in Europe and LEED mainly used in North America are most widely adopted and recognised. Both are based on various building related environmental indicators including sustainable energy water and material use. For the latter category the application of Accoya can contribute to several credits in both schemes BREEAM MAT 1 MAT 5 LEEDv4 MR1 MR2 MR3 MR4 I1. Dubokeur the Netherlands The awarding body of the prestigious Dubokeur certification Nederlands Institute for Building Ecology NIBE issues certificates only to the most environmentally friendly products within a particular application taking into account a range of stringent factors based on LCA methodology. This certification is of particular significance to our Dutch customers unequivocally positioning Accoya wood as an outstanding environmental choice for window frames according to Dutch sustainable building regulations. Svanen Label Nordic Nations The outstanding green credentials of Accoya have been officially recognised by Europes Nordic nations with the award of the Svanen Ecolabel.