 Set an operating rhythm to increase the operational rigour and breed a culture of success. I am pleased to report clear progress has been made against each of these priorities and a firm commitment has been made to invest in our people systems and products so we can deliver better experiences for our customers and accelerate growth. Strategic Review and evolution of our strategy At the start of the year we undertook a thorough and detailed review of the business which included reviews by product geography structures systems sales marketing IT and finance. The outputs of this review unveiled in May 2017 resulted in an Headline profit before tax 31.6m Mark Shashoua Chief Executive Officer TAG oneoff investment 20.0m evolved strategy and the introduction of a three year TAG programme. At our strategy update in May our new vision for the Group was announced To create the worlds leading portfolio of contentdriven mustattend events delivering an outstanding experience and ROI for our customers. By putting exhibitors and visitors at the heart of everything we do we plan to drive sustainable growth for our shareholders. ITE strives to run the best shows and offer the best service to its customers throughout the world regardless of location. The Groups focus on a product led strategy will see ITE focus on events that are market leading or have a clear path to become number one in their sector. To deliver our vision TAG is being implemented across the a culture of success by rewarding achievement is the basis for strong sustainable organic growth. We believe that a strong sales and marketing culture with an emphasis on quality of events retention and operational efficiency can drive sustainable growth and shareholder value. Priorities for 2018 The Group has achieved much in a short space of time since we announced our evolved strategy and TAG programme. 2017 has put in place the building blocks and we believe that we have the elements in place to succeed. Now it is about rigorous attention to detail and execution of our plan. In the year ahead our main focus within TAG will be on lead generation content and customer service. Outlook Whilst we continue to roll out the TAG programme across our Core events we remain focussed on trading performance. The stabilisation of trading conditions in Moscow is having a positive impact on the outlook for next year but is tempered by challenging trading conditions elsewhere in the markets in which we operate. As at 24 November 2017 the Group has contracted 98m of revenues in respect of 2018 events compared to 81m at this stage last year in respect of 2017 events. This represents an increase of 20 on a likeforlike basis. The Board remains confident of the Groups prospects as it enters the new financial year. ITE is well placed to realise its vision of creating the worlds leading portfolio of contentdriven mustattend events that deliver an outstanding experience and ROI for by 3 and revenues by 16 Divisional Trading Summary Brands The Groups Brands business contains the results of our UK fashion events the Africa Oil Week event and the Breakbulk portfolio of events. Overall the portfolio reports a 23 decrease in revenues and a 51 decrease in profits although this is predominantly due to event timing. On a likeforlike basis revenues decreased by 6 and headline profits before tax decreased by 21. In Moda the Group owns the leading midmarket fashion event for Womenswear Menswear Footwear and Accessories which runs twice a year in Birmingham UK. In London the Group operates Bubble a niche highend childrenswear event Jacket Required a designerled menswear event and Scoop a designerled womenswear event. Overall the portfolio achieved volume sales of 34800m 2 2016 39600m 2 a 10 likeforlike volume decline and a 7 revenue decline on the prior year with Moda continuing to see the effects of a changing market place for midmarket independent fashion retailers. Africa Oil Week ran in October 2016 and as expected was adversely affected by the difficult trading conditions affecting the oil industry. There was still excellent representation from all usual participating companies although many companies sent fewer delegates with a resulting impact on revenues of 20 compared with the 2015 event. ITE acquired the remaining 25 stake in the event in May 2017 financed through a small equity placing following the exercise of the put option granted to the previous owners. Revenues for the October 2017 event have recycling or selected for sale at one of three charity shops. The Moscow office also held a Small Change Big Difference charity event to fundraise for the Life Line Foundation which provides treatment for sick children. In China the Beijing office took part in a charity sale and benefit concert for Alanahs Home organised by China Childrens Hope Foundation. Staff contributed toys plants flowers kitchenware and school supplies. In Azerbaijan the local office continued its close ties with AngloAzerbaijani Society by sponsoring a charity concert and dinner in aid of United Aid for Azerbaijan UAFA raising vital funds to maintain their work with children from the Saray and Shagan childrens homes. ITECA Caspian also became a partner for the BR student volunteering programme in recognition of its active support for the volunteer movement in the country. It is the Groups aim to develop a global giving initiative linking charitable efforts across all offices in 2018. Global GHG emissions data comparisons for the period from 1 May 2016 to 30 April 2017 Tonnes of CO 2 e 2017 2016 2015 2014 Scope 1 201 207 205 232 Scope 2 791 833 898 936 Estimated emissions for offices that have not reported data 29 30 41 20 Total GHG emissions CO 2 e 1021 1070 1144 1188 Average staff number for period of measurement 1357 1241 1369 1362 Companys chosen intensity measurement Emissions per staff member 0.75 0.86 0.84 0.