 Travels typical customer has less time to browse and is more interested in purchasing convenience and impulse products such as food drink and confectionery travel accessories and souvenirs as well as reading materials for a journey. Travel units are typically located in higher footfall locations than High Street stores with higher operating and occupation costs with rents paid as a percentage of sales subject to minimum guarantees. Travel is less affected by the Christmas trading period than high street retailers. Increased passenger traffic during the summer holiday season particularly in airports contributes to a summer peak in sales. Travel is impacted by macroeconomic trends including any impact arising from the process of exiting the European Union and other factors which influence the number and nationality of travelling customers. These include levels of employment and investment the cost of travelling as well as specific category trends such as the impact of digitisation on printed products and the growth of consumable products. Where we have reliable data on passenger trends we see a correlation between changes in passenger numbers and our sales. Travel faces competition in its product categories primarily from other retailers in air rail motorways and hospitals. The growth of these retailers may take market share from Travel. Travel operates in 150 air units 124 rail units 127 hospital units and in other locations in the UK and 233 units outside of the in our Corporate governance report on pages 30 to 56. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY During the year we have continued our focus on managing those social and environmental issues which are most material to our business and to our stakeholders. Our workstreams cover a wide range of issues from ethical trade and sustainable forestry to mental health awareness and diversity. In this our 225th anniversary year we wanted to make a lasting difference to charities which our employees care about. Our teams across the business have been undertaking a number of activities as they work together to reach our 2m fundraising target. It has been a fantastic year so far bringing the business together in a shared objective and we hope that our three charity partners Cancer Research UK Mind and the National Literacy Trust will see the benefits for many years to come. Further information on all aspects of our CR programmes can be found on pages 25 to 27. PEOPLE This performance would not be possible without the ongoing commitment and hard work of our employees across our stores distribution centres and head offices. I would like to thank each and every individual for their ongoing support. OUTLOOK While the economic environment remains uncertain we believe we are well positioned for the year ahead and we remain focused on the distinct strategies of each of our businesses in order to maximise the contribution from both and best deliver value for shareholders. Henry Staunton Chairman 12 October 2017 1 Free cash firstly understanding what energy a store should be using and then making changes to the settings of key energy using systems and in larger sites the installation of additional control equipment and automation to ensure things are controlled efficiently. These improved energy efficiency measures have now been implemented in 220 High Street stores and 430 Travel units. On average we expect to see a saving of around five per cent in a typical store. WHSmiths transport delivery network is a long and complex one covering well over a thousand stores across the length and breadth of the UK. The emissions from our fleet of lorries make up a significant part of our carbon footprint and we work hard to maximise efficiency wherever we can. Since 2007 we have reduced our CO 2e emissions per pallet moved by 21 per cent. We work with our transport providers to carry out regular and indepth reviews of our transport operations to help us to optimise routing and delivery frequency. The addition of double deck trailers which are suitable for both High Street and Travel distribution centres has helped to achieve greater efficiencies by creating a more integrated fleet across the Group. In addition our transport management system provides realtime data to monitor driver behaviour. Global greenhouse gas emissions data for period 1 September 2016 to 31 August 2017 in tonnes of CO 2e 201617 Percentage of carbon footprint 20152016 Scope 1 emissions Combustion of fuel for the transport of WHSmith products from distribution meeting is being sent to shareholders and includes explanatory notes on each of the resolutions being proposed. Shareholder enquiries the registrars All enquiries relating to shareholdings should be addressed to the registrars Computershare Investor Services PLC The Pavilions Bridgwater Road Bristol BS99 6ZZ. You can call the registrars on the shareholder helpline 0371 495 0100 or visit their website at www.investorcentre.co.uk. A textphone facility for shareholders with hearing difficulties is available by telephoning 0370 702 0005. Sharedealing services The Company is offering internet and telephone share dealing services for shareholders in certain jurisdictions in conjunction with Computershare. For internet dealing log on to www.computershare.comdealinguk and for telephone dealing call 0370 703 0084. You will need to have your Shareholder Reference Number SRN to hand when making this call. This can be found on your Form of Proxy email notification of availability of AGM documents or dividend confirmation. Dividend Mandates If you wish dividends to be paid directly into your bank account through the BACSTEL IP Bankers Automated Clearing Services system you should contact Computershare for a Dividend Mandate Form or apply online at www.investorcentre.co.uk. Shareholders who receive their dividend payments in this way receive an annual dividend confirmation once a year with the final dividend detailing all payments made throughout the UK tax year. Financial calendar The following dates are given for information purposes only. Please check the WH Smith PLC website at www.whsmithplc.co.