 Regulatory legislation in insurance wealth management and pensions is a necessary requirement and demand for skills in this area has been steady. APAC operations Operating conditions across the APAC region remain similar to the previous year. A mix of economic environments financial periods and local cultures can prove challenging. We continue to address this by ensuring that businesses focus on servicing high value verticals in their current markets. All businesses have continued to drive retained services and consultancy offerings relevant to their markets. We have a key focus on training and development so that the right skills are developed along with an onboarding and talent attraction programme to ensure that the business attracts and retains the right talent in an increasingly competitive market. External competition is increasing and it is still Nakamas key objective to invest in and build a strong management team to enable us to continue to pursue a consistent and clear strategy in multiple markets in line with the Groups vision. The APAC offices have again experienced an increase in turnover. This has yielded a 27 increase in revenue to 8.82m compared to 6.92m last year. However investment in training and technology in the region during the year in order to future proof the business meant that the region made a loss this year of 20000 compared to a profit of 189000 last year. The economic outlook in APAC is stable and the local and increasingly global markets. The market continues to be competitive the businesses have seen a higher than expected turnover of staff this year in our South East Asia market and one of the Australian businesses and finding good quality candidates is difficult. The business has addressed this by refocusing its internal talent acquisition strategy and approach across all regions. The business does benefit from having global operations and is focused on a sector that is in high demand which has been beneficial to attracting staff from a variety of industries and locations. The factors to success in APAC continue to remain similar to last year increased competition a highly mobile workforce that is increasingly looking for change overcoming language barriers restrictions on hiring staff in regions due to changes in legislation and financial constraints have the potential to force business costs to unsustainable levels and prevent businesses being able to hire. Retaining high performing staff is critical and ensuring the business creates high performing staff in all regions is a key area of focus. The skillsets the business is looking to attract to deliver on the group strategy will add value to the group as a whole both regionally and globally. We maintain our outlook that a strong understanding of local and global technology digital and consultancy markets and our ability to work across these from a local regional and global perspective is essential in achieving the growth we seek and delivering to our shareholders. Rob Sheffield Chief Executive statements for the year ended 31 March 2017. Business model The Group provides recruitment services and solutions to its specialist niche market clients in global geographical locations where there is both growing demand and a skills shortage. Recruitment services include permanent staff placements and contract staff placed on a fixed term assignment. The UK is represented by two UK offices the Nakama brand operating from London and the Highams brand operating from Caterham. We work closely together to explore opportunities to crosssell services into our respective client bases. APAC is represented by two Nakama offices in Australia one in Hong Kong and an office in Singapore. We serve digital media markets across a broad spectrum of clients ranging from corporates to digital marketing agencies. Last year we opened an office in New York in order to increase the global footprint of the Group. Strategy At Nakama were in the business of people solutions consultancy. And OUR VISION is to be the best people business on the planet. OUR WHY ultimately its people who transform improve grow business. OUR HOW Specialisation Technology Network all with the right people. OUR WHAT Recruitment permanent contract Search Outsourcing RPO Project Management Research insights Consultancy change management people development EVP etc. Software solutions apps. talent payroll etc. Education training learning We aim to target those sectors where we can secure profitable business and where we can differentiate ourselves from our competitors by providing a bespoke and specialist quality service and can deliver incremental value to to lack of scale and reach. Our ability to remain specialised within the digital technology creative and marketing industry locally and globally continues to provide a significant competitive advantage. Online recruitingother competition This is an increasingly competitive space and whilst we have seen new service offerings enter the market we have not seen much impact to date. We differentiate ourselves by being highly specialised delivering a solution to clients issues globally. We have a reputation for providing quality onsite and embedded solutions industry expertise and for being a valued partner. Not only are the local and global recruitment markets becoming increasingly saturated with agencies but also internal teams are taking on the recruitment process. Businesses operating with a transactional recruitment approach of simply sending CVs to a job are increasingly unable to compete. The demand for speed of service high quality and the delivery of niche talent is more important than ever. Both clients and candidates demand more and will engage with recruitment partners who really understand their business and requirements and offer a premium service. Clients Clients may choose not to continue to use Nakamas services if our service fails to meet the required standards. It is therefore essential to harness technology to deliver rapid solutions. We are committed to ensuring the delivery of high standards and to retaining our excellent relationship with clients.