 The immersive 3D environment and realtime integrated laser scanning capabilities allow asset and project information to be integrated so revamps can be planned and deployed confidently. Operate Customers can minimise operational risk improve change management and increase asset intelligence using one easily accessible contextual digital information source. Change is managed effectively as the physical asset is synchronised with its digital equivalent. This gives engineers a clear picture of full information context for all decisions in both normal and critical situations. Handover Our customers can save time during familiarisation and streamline project handover from the EPC managed phase to commissioning and start up. For example information is contextualised within the 3D world saving valuable time during familiarisation and the cost of information handover management is reduced to near zero. 06 AVEVA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 50 YEARS OF INNOVA TION AVEVA IS NOW INTO ITS 50 TH YEAR HAVING BEEN FOUNDED IN 1967 AS A GOVERNMENT FUNDED RESEARCH INSTITUTE CREATED BY THE THEN UK MINISTRY OF TECHNOLOGY AT CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY. The Companys original mission to develop computeraided design techniques for use by British industry has been achieved and indeed greatly exceeded. The Group now operates in 30 countries across the globe and provides the design technology that has created countless engineering assets. 1967 Established as CADCentre. 1976 Worlds first 3D Plant Design and Management System PDMS with objectbased engineering database. 1979 Worlds first intelligent PID POOL OF TALENT. Overview 50 years of innovation have produced industryleading software that is used by our customers to create Digital Assets that allow them to manage continual change as they design build and operate some of the worlds most complicated physical assets. As technology evolves with ever greater processing power connectivity mobility of computing platforms and the Industrial Internet of Things our vision for the widespread adoption of constantlyevolving Digital Assets is becoming ever more compelling. We believe that our products offer a strong advantage over competing offerings. This is due to their inherent integration based on our leading objectmodelling technology which reduces complexity and lowers the total cost of ownership for our customers. In an increasingly connected world openness to access information sources either third party or customer owned is proving businesscritical to our customers. Supporting our strategy AVEVAs strategy is to increase revenues by growing the addressable market as the concept of the Digital Asset is more widely adopted to sell a wider range of products and to grow in industry and geographic verticals where the Groups market share is underweight versus the strength of its product offering. We are continually developing our technology to support this strategy and at the same time accommodating the needs of customers in what are inherently safety first industries for application and data continuity. Our heritage is in 3D design where our core products are AVEVA PDMS AVEVA Everything3D AVEVA E3D and AVEVA Marine products. AVEVA E3D is the latestgeneration 3D had cash and treasury deposit balances of 130.9 million 2016 107 .9 million and no debt. Therefore after making enquiries and considering the cash flow forecasts for the Group the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. For this reason they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial statements. 30 AVEVA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 PRINCIPAL RISKS CONTINUED STRATEGIC AND MARKET RISKS Risk change from 2016 No change Risk decreased Risk increased Risk level Low Medium High Strategies 1 More than 3D MT3D 2 Owner Operators 3 Growth markets 4 Broadening market exposure 5 SaaS and the Cloud Risk Likelihood Impact Change Mitigation Strategy Dependency on key markets AVEVA generates a substantial amount of its income from customers whose main business is derived from capital projects in the Oil Gas Power and Marine markets. Currently some of AVEVAs vertical end markets are under pressure with lower oil prices and inevitably this is having an impact on the Groups revenues. As the availability of capital expenditure returns to our key markets particularly Oil Gas the balance may shift away from our traditional core sector of complex offshore projects towards simpler onshore projects such as shale gas extraction. The risk of this further reinforces our need for market diversification. AVEVA is expanding into other market segments such as Power Petrochemical Chemical and Construction albeit from a relatively small base. It is central to our strategy to diversify our customer offerings into Owner Operators and Plant operations. This will help secure a longer term income stream that extends beyond the designbuild phase of these capital projects. In addition our extensive global presence provides some mitigation from overreliance on key geographic markets. 1 2 4 Competition AVEVA operates in highly competitive markets that serve the Oil Gas Power and Marine markets. Our 3D design tools are well established in our markets and we believe that there are a relatively small number of significant competitors. However some of these competitors could in the future pose a greater competitive threat to AVEVAs revenues particularly if they consolidate or form strategic or commercial relationships among themselves or with larger well capitalised companies. Further threats are posed by the entrance into AVEVAs markets of a much larger technology competitor or transformational technology such as Cloudbased solutions. The Groups strategy to extend the Digital Asset footprint is key to ensuring that our customer penetration is broad and that AVEVAs sources of revenue are diversified. We carefully monitor customers and other suppliers operating within our chosen markets. We stay close to our customers and ensure we have a strong understanding of their needs and their expectations from the AVEVA product development roadmap. We expect that the customers we serve will over the next 3 to 5 years show an increased appetite or insistence on their software needs being delivered with more flexibility.