 Population c85000 Annual TT tourist visitors c42000 Businesses c4000 company overview The Isle of Man in numbers GDP 201516 4.45bn Unemployment Jan 2018 0.8 Households c37000 03 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 overview strategic report governance report financial statements other Global Solutions revenue 16.5m Global solutions Strategic investments Internet of ThingsCritical Connections Our Smart SIM solutions offer users the ability to roam across multiple networks on a single SIM intelligently seeking out the best signal and the most commercially attractive network. This is supported by a flexible Service Management Platform to enable strategic partners real time control of tariffs provisioning and usage control. The proposition is especially attractive to customers where mobile connectivity is critical for the delivery of an end service such as Lone Working Alarm Monitoring and Telehealth. Increasingly we see demand in growing Internet of Things sectors such as logistics transport security monitoring utilities and energy. Mobile Virtual Network Enabler MVNE With extensive roaming partnerships across mainland Europe the USA and the UK we provide extremely competitive solutions for every type of business enterprise looking to offer a specialist mobile communications service of its own. Via proprietary interfaces we enable mobile service providers to manage calls texts and data sessions in real time to create flexible and cost effective mobile solutions. Our service powers solutions targeting international travellers unique traveller markets such as India and diaspora communities such as Chinese nationals living in the UK. Vannin Ventures our dedicated 100owned subsidiary focusing on new innovative technologies products and services. Partitionware an Isle of Manbased company offering a wide range of innovative telecoms solutions to service providers worldwide. Goshawk Communications 67 ownership of a company with patented technology targeting phone users suffering hearing loss with an improved service. 16533 15565 14122 2017 2016 2015 04 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 I am pleased to present a solid set of full year results for 2017 with stable trading performance and strong underlying cash flow which continues to support our progressive dividend policy. chairmans statement Our core business continues to perform solidly. As announced previously revenue levels in 2017 were impacted by customer consolidation in our Data Centre operations during 2016 and the rescheduling of our directory distribution. This revenue reduction was offset in part through continued growth in our Global Solutions business driven by our Strongest Signal Mobile solution M2M and international traveller propositions. The agreement signed with China Unicom in December 2016 to provide connectivity for China Unicoms UK based Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO service grew slowly in 2017 due to technological challenges which have now been addressed and we expect this agreement to bring further growth in 2018. Our Transformation Programme launched in October 2016 is progressing well with the implementation of IT systems and improvements in our internal processes and organisational structure. The associated costs are on track and the programme is due to complete Redeveloping our IT systems is a necessary starting point and remains a work in progress. We anticipate these benefits coming onstream through 2018. Digital development adopting the appropriate digital platforms for our key consumer and business segments is also a key part of our new customer experience to include selfcare initiatives digital process improvement and online proposition development. The business managed hosting services market is forecast to grow significantly in many markets over the next 5 years. As such it represents a growth opportunity which we intend to target with a range of Infrastructure as a Service and Software as a Service solutions. Growth by acquisition we proactively monitor all the segments within which we compete to look for companies that would offer scale market share cost and operational synergies or fasttrack capability development as part of the larger Manx Telecom group. New rapidly changing digital services and applications. Adopting new GDPR standards within the necessary timeframes. In c r e a sin g im p o r t a n c e of cybersecurity policies and methodologies. Prioritising the optimal growth opportunities. Impact of further EU roaming regulation on Global Solutions Business. Growth of eSIM capability. 16 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 I am very pleased to report a solid performance for 2017. The dedication and hard work of our people has been outstanding during 2017 and is the reason we have delivered a very good result in a period of significant change during our Transformation big difference the initiative continues in 2018. Other smallerscale activities cover sport youth the elderly music culture environmental and wildlife projects. We also share and spread our staffs knowledge skills and experience through our active involvement with schools University College Isle of Man work experience placements and Junior Achievement and we are a supporting member of The Manx ICT Association MICTA a totally inclusive organisation which represents supports promotes and grows the Islands ICT Sector. Our responsibility to younger people further extends to staying safe online preventing cyber bullying and upholding the principles of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Command CEOP. Leaving noone behind Working with the charity Live At Home weve set up a digital inclusion programme involving over a dozen iPad equipped staff who volunteered to show the older generation how to explore a whole new world of content convenience and the chance to chat online Our free to view local community portal manx.net and complementary local video news service MTTV are viewed millions of times each month and also form part of our broader digital outreach and inclusion activity. a responsible leader in our local community continued 37 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 overview strategic report governance report financial statements other Fields of joy The Royal Manx Agricultural Show in association with Manx Telecom is the Islands most attended local event outside of the annual TT motorcycle races.