 According to a recent report by PwC 1 growth is set to continue with global alternative assets under management expected to reach US18.1 trillion by 2020 compared to US10 trillion in 2015. PwC in a separate report 2 attributes the expected growth in the industry to a governmentincentivised shift to individual retirement plans the increase of highnetworth individuals from emerging markets and new market entrants in the form of sovereign and public pension funds. Against this backdrop a material factor driving the increasing demand for the Groups services is the growing level of regulation being applied by authorities to the alternatives industry. Legislation and regulation such as AIFMD CRS FATCA and GDPR for example create a considerable increase in workload for funds and asset managers that is complicated and costly to deal with inhouse. Factoring in the evolving nature of the regulatory landscape the rate of technological change the substantial penalties for failing to comply the added complexity brought about by different approaches and obligations across jurisdictions and the option of outsourcing to specialist regulated administrators with an international footprint and expertise such as SANNE becomes increasingly compelling. This is supported by the results of a 2016 Preqin survey 3 which suggests that from relatively low levels there is a growing number of fund managers seeking to establish new relationships with third party service providers to outsource various administrative functions of their business. SANNE is a global business that operates in a we value highly. We have implemented a number of specific initiatives that help to reward and recognise personal contribution to deepen engagement with the Company and brand. Employee survey 2017 The results of our 2017 employee engagement survey helped us focus our attention to matters that our people have mentioned. In particular we were asked to increase our level of internal communications. As a result there has been a focus on more communications with staff via our Intranet a dedicated communications channel and series of Town Hall meetings held in all our offices. Feedback on the results of the survey have been presented to staff. Stock code SNN www.sannegroup.com Strategic Report SanneAR2017 Frontproof13.indd 27 23032018 162411 25754 23 March 2018 419 PM Proof 13 28 Strategic Report Pictured Above o t ro t t ro ot r r o or rt r New offices for our global headquarters in Jersey Our new offices in Jersey are being designed and built using the BREEAM world recognised environmental assessment guide which sets the sustainable standard for the material used and environment control for the building. SANNE will occupy 3 floors. New LED lighting will save energy and give better brightness to the space the lighting control system There will be over 500 LED light fittings Lights will automatically switch off in areas when not occupied Full height glazing on all of our floors More natural light to all areas Efficient drinking water taps saving on use of bottled water Bicycle parking spaces colleagues Achieve consistency of approach across the senior management population to the extent appropriate informed by relevant local market benchmarks Encourage widespread share ownership across the executive team to ensure a long term focus and alignment of interest with Shareholders Be consistent with regulatory and corporate governance requirements and Not reward behaviour that inappropriately increases the Companys exposure to risks outside of the Companys risk appetite. In determining remuneration levels the Committee takes into account typical market practice for a company of this size and complexity the performance of the Company the Executive Directors Jersey location and its lower personal tax rate their current significant equity holdings and experience and the Committees responsibility to Shareholders. Performance and reward for 2017 SANNE delivered strong performance in 2017 in terms of revenue earnings and cash generation. It also completed a material strategic acquisition in Mauritius and made significant progress on the integration of that and of prior acquisitions. This performance resulted in the Remuneration Committee approving payments under the bonus plan of between 36 and 40 of base salary which may appear low in light of the strong performance. However this reflects the fact that SANNE is part way through a transition of remuneration packages and therefore the financial and nonfinancial bonus targets had been set at a very challenging level. It is anticipated as part of the planned 3 year transition explained at the time of the 2016 policy vote that 2018 targets will be set closer to normal market levels that they can not be disclosed in advance. However we will disclose the underlying profit targets the nonfinancial objectives and performance against these targets in next years remuneration report. Half of any bonus will be payable in cash and the other half will be deferred in shares for a period of three years. Performance Share Plan Awards PSP awards with a face value of 100 of salary will be granted to Executive Directors in 2018. The Committee reviewed the choice of measures and in light of the Companys strategic outlook has set a stretching range of underlying diluted EPS growth targets required to be achieved in the year ending 31 December 2020 as set out below Underlying Basic EPS for FY 2020 Proportion of award vesting Less than 29.85 pence Zero 29.85 pence 25 37.85 pence or more 100 Awards vest on a straight line basis for performance between 29.85 pence and 37.85 pence. A two year postvest holding period will apply creating a five year period between the grant of an award and the first opportunity to sell the net of tax vested shares. 25754 23 March 2018 419 PM Proof 13 73 Stock code SNN www.sannegroup.com Corporate Governance SanneAR2017 Frontproof13.indd 73 23032018 162424 Chairman and Nonexecutive Directors fees The Chairmans fee from 1 January 2018 is 160000 increased from 140000 to reflect the increased time commitment associated with the role as the Company has grown in size scale and complexity.