 We are committed to being a responsible food business and have leading standards of safety both for our food and our colleagues. We have taken a proactive role in the health agenda making a number of key commitments over the next three years. Our values define how we work together and do our jobs. All colleagues in the business understand the importance of our 5 key values We aim higher We champion fresh ideas W e are agile We are united and We respect and encourage one another. The strategic report on pages 04 to 23 was approved by the Board of directors on 16 May 2017 and signed on its behalf by Gavin Darby Chief Executive Officer. Premier Foods plc Annual report for the 52 week period ended 1 April 2017 04 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executives review Its difficult to remember a year when theres been as much change in the food market as weve seen in the last twelve months. The rapid switch from food price deflation to inflation changing retailer promotional strategies and the surprise result of the EU referendum have all combined to make this past year a difficult one not only for Premier Foods but right across the UK food and drink industry. Like others our results have been adversely affected although Im encouraged that we still outperformed the majority to become members of Sedex the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange supported by our own Sedex Member Ethical Data audits covering areas such as health safety and labour rights. At year end more than 94 of our direct spend was covered by Sedex registered suppliers excludes Knighton Foods. For more information about our approach to sustainability visit our website www.premierfoods.co.ukresponsibilityoverview Premier Foods plc Annual report for the 52 week period ended 1 April 2017 18 Supporting our communities on a local and national level Supporting the communities in which we operate locally and nationally is part of the DNA of our business and a powerful way to engage our colleagues. Since 2015 weve collectively raised more than 360000 to support our corporate charity partner Cancer Research UK CRUK far exceeding our original target of 250000. This has been achieved through numerous fund raising activities across the country and with the generous support of our suppliers. Last years highlights included a companywide charity challenge in the Brecon Beacons which saw colleagues either trek 24 miles or cycle 100 miles raising an impressive 50000 in the process and a Christmas instore campaign to raise awareness of CRUKs lifesaving work to beat cancer. In addition we won a significant number of awards for our Bisto social marketing campaign focused on bringing people together and combatting loneliness under the banner of the Bisto Together Project. This included the Spare Chair Sunday programme encouraging people to invite an elderly person to Sunday lunch which was expanded financial period Grocery revenue growth targets were not met largely due to weather impacts and changes in major customers promotional strategies. However we are confident that the latter is a shortterm trend which will stabilise over the next 12 months. We aim to reduce weather impacts in the longerterm by prioritising product innovations which are less sensitive to or benefit from warmer weather. The Group has experienced material input cost inflation in the past year. Input costs have also been driven up by currency devaluation. The Group takes a blended approach to managing these cost increases managing its own efficiencies adjusting promotional mechanics and formats where appropriate and finally looking at limited price increases where these can not be avoided. The focus on cost efficiency has led to an extensive cost and efficiency programme including a streamlining of our organisational structure. Unfortunately this has also necessitated a number of redundancies across commercial and central functions. The business will need to manage process changes as well as challenges around staff engagement and retention in the shortterm. A major logistics consolidation programme is underway which will provide significant cost savings but carries some operational risk during the transition. Since the last report the UK has voted to exit the EU and seen a sharp devaluation of Sterling and cyclical cost inflation. This has adversely impacted commodity prices which makes our products more expensive to produce. A number of risks highlighted in our previous report have reduced in likelihood andor impact. We have and emerging legislation in areas such as Health Safety the listing regime competition law food safety labelling regulations and environmental standards. 6. Business restructuring The business has recently restructured its commercial and central functions in order to deliver cost savings. This may result in loss of experience and capability in certain parts of the business particularly at a senior level. There are also some shortterm risks around our ability to maintain staff engagement and retain key talent. There may also be continuity and succession planning issues for certain roles as individual responsibilities are combined and expanded. The Group has recently signed nonbinding Heads of Terms to be a Strategic Global Partner with Mondelez for Cadbury cake. Once finalised this agreement will extend the Groups long standing partnership for another five years with the option to the Group of extending this for an additional three years. Additionally the licence will cover a total of 46 countries with the potential to use other brands in the Cadbury family. The Loyd Grossman brand is well set for growth with a strong pipeline of NPD including a new range of premium pouch sauces Indian sauces and desserts. The logistics consolidation programme is being managed through a strong project governance framework including transition planning and risk management activities. The supplier contract has been agreed following appropriate due diligence checks and effective contractual protections are in place.