5 of economics and received 1.5 million share of US7 million upfront on signing. January Received 450k share of US2 million success milestone payment as part of SRA737 licence agreement on transfer of two ongoing Phase 1 clinical trials to Sierra Oncology. October AuroraFLT3 patent grant notifications received for Japan and Singapore giving Sareum approved patent protection in all the major territories. Successful conclusion to the BioMedical Catalyst funded feasibility study for TYK2 with lead compounds showing tumour regression in a disease model of TALL. 2016 2017 November Updated results from TYK2 cancer research programme presented at AACRNCIEORTC. STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Drug development pipeline Sareums pipeline is built on the drug discovery expertise of its founders particularly in the field of cancer. The Company operates a collaborative and outsourced business model. All our laboratorybased research is carried out in the facilities of collaborators or thirdparty providers. This enables us to access drug discovery expertise throughout the world with a very flexible cost base. Sareum focuses on developing new therapies against biochemical targets where existing preclinical or early clinical data are available. This data can give a strong indication that a therapy will disrupt a targeted biochemical process and improve patient outcomes without significant side effects. Sareums approach is lower risk than developing therapies against entirely novel targets. Chk1 kinase targeting genetically defined solid cancers SRA737 formerly CCT245737 is a potent highly selective orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of Chk1 a 7 Colorectal head neck nonsmall cell lung ovarian and prostate cancers Bladder pancreatic cancers AML ALL TALL ALCL colon cancer Target Lead optimisation Candidate selection Preclinical Phase 1 clinical Potential indications AuroraFLT3 TYK2 Chk1 SRA737 Autoimmune Cancer Psoriasis RA lupus IBD MS Chemotherapy combination Monotherapy RA Rheumatoid Arthritis IBD Inflammatory Bowel Disease MS Multiple Sclerosis TALL Tcell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia ALCL Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma AML Acute Myeloid Leukaemia ALL Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Sareum made important progress during the year ended 30 June 2017 across its key development programmes. The highlight of the year was the signing of a licence agreement for the Chk1 programme with Sierra Oncology Inc NASDAQ SRRA. This agreement has brought a highly committed and wellfunded partner with proven experience in oncology drug development to realise the value of this exciting programme. Already the impact of Sierra Oncologys commitment is being seen with the implementation of highly innovative clinical trial designs. Additionally clinical opportunities to explore the potential of SRA737 with other new classes of targeted cancer therapy are expected in 2018. The agreement with Sierra Oncology represents a significant validation of Sareums business model which is based on its expertise in small molecule drug design and its strategy to develop programmes to late preclinical or early clinical stages. Sareum aims to take advantage of the substantial values associated with outlicensing programmes at these stages. The transfer of development costs to Sierra Oncology alongside income the study will evaluate the preliminary efficacy of the SRA737gemcitabine combination in genetically defined subjects with bladder or pancreatic cancer. Sierra Oncology intends to provide an update on the SRA737 programme in late February 2018 and expects to present data at a medical conference in H2 2018. In addition Sierra Oncology is evaluating SRA737 with potential clinical opportunities in 2018 in combination with targeted cancer therapeutics where there is a strong biological rationale for synergy with Chk1 inhibition. These include antiPD1 and PDL1 therapies and other DDR inhibitors such as PARP inhibitors. 1.95m received from upfront and first milestone payments US319.5m total remaining value potential in SRA737 development not including royalties Colorectal head neck nonsmall cell lung ovarian and prostate cancers Bladder and pancreatic cancers Target Preclinical Phase 1 Phase 2 Potential indications Monotherapy Chemotherapy combination Chk1 Spotlight on SRA737 SRA737 was discovered as the result of a research collaboration between Sareum the Institute of Cancer Research and Cancer Research Technology CRT. Preclinical and initial clinical development was carried out in a coinvestment collaboration between Sareum and the CRT Pioneer Fund. The programme was licensed for further clinical development and commercialisation to Nasdaqlisted Sierra Oncology in September 2016 in a deal worth a potential US328.5 million plus royalties of which Sareum is eligible to receive 27 .5 of the economics. STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 CEOs Research Update Tim Mitchell PhD Founder and CEO SRA737 Checkpoint kinase 1 Chk1 Targeting solid tumours licensed to in preclinical development funded by Sareums Chinese partner HMUBEC. Previous studies have confirmed the potential of this candidate in AML and particularly FLT3mutant AML. Toxicology studies are underway with initial results suggesting that the candidate is well tolerated at the predicted therapeutic dose. Further formulation work which is causing additional delays is ongoing to complete the toxicology studies with Sareum funding some studies in the UK to accelerate the resolution of these formulation issues. The Company is now targeting completion of the preclinical studies in the second half of 2018. Separately during the period the Companys intellectual property around its AuroraFLT3 kinase programme was strengthened by notifications of patents granted in China Hong Kong Singapore and Japan. Sareum now has patent protection in all the major territories for this programme. Overall we are delighted with the progress made across our business and pipeline and look forward to further important newsflow in the coming year. Dr Tim Mitchell Chief Executive Officer 18 October 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 Sareum operates a lean business model to deliver the most productive return for our research spend. Our research builds value by progressing our drug candidates through early clinical development and generates revenues by licensing them to pharmaceutical company partners.