 Given the subdued market backdrop ERAs focus will be on further share gains leveraging the opportunities offered by ERAs new facility new product introductions and management of costs and overheads. The outlook for ERAs commercial and light infrastructure products remains promising in 2018. SchlegelGiesse expects that Continental European markets will show broadbased incremental growth in 2018 and is well placed to take further market share. The second half momentum established in the Middle East and Latin America is expected to continue with key Brazilian and Argentine markets recovering. China and Asia Pacific markets are likely to remain variable with opportunities for growth in certain countries. Volumes in 2018 to date are in line with expectations and there is a promising order book in each Division. Tyman expects to see a further year of profitable growth in 2018. Louis Eperjesi Chief Executive Officer 7 March 2018 Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 10 Strategic report Governance and Directors report Financial statements Creating value for stakeholders Tymans business model The Groups business model is driven by its key strengths which delivers value to Tymans customers shareholders and people. Expertise and experience Strong relationships Financial discipline Quality and service Engineered solutions Flexibility Delivering stakeholder value Capital allocation and cash generation Market share gain and pricing discipline Maximising margins through elimination of cost and waste Find out more at www.tymanplc.com 11 Value creation Our customers Providing customers with the engineered components is on track to meet the Group target run rate ROAI of 15.0 per cent within two years of ownership. Bilco has a promising order book for 2018. NPD and investment In 2017 customers started the transition to the new proprietary Elon foam seal from the legacy Qlon foam seal. A new constant force balance Stasis which offers superior features and benefits compared with the industry standard products will be launched in the second half of 2018. The Division expects to bring to market its electronic patio door and multipoint locks during 2018. Additional investments in manufacturing capability and automation in connection with the footprint project are expected in 2018 with a focus on operational and quality improvements. Outlook AmesburyTruth expects US residential and commercial markets will show growth in 2018 possibly assisted by increasing real wages as the changes to the US tax code become established. The Canadian market for the Divisions products is expected to show further growth although at a slower rate than was seen in 2017. AmesburyTruth is well placed to capture the opportunities that exist in 2018 and expects to see market share recovery among smaller customers like for like sales growth and a return to margin expansion during the year. Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 22 Strategic report Governance and Directors report Financial statements Operating review continued m except where stated 2017 2016 1 Change CC LFL Revenue 80.3 73.0 10 3 Underlying Operating Profit 10.2 11.7 13 25 Underlying Operating Margin that took place towards the end of 2016. The Latin American region remains profitable and cash generative and makes an operating margin in line with the rest of the Division. Giesse integration The integration of Giesse completed with the launch of the new Divisional brand SchlegelGiesse at the start of March 2018. The Division now operates through a functional reporting structure under a unified executive team and with a greatly simplified legal and financial structure. The Division has a single salesforce in each key market selling the complete range of hardware seals and extrusions supported by dedicated product managers. Cross selling initiatives within the Division delivered 4.0 million of incremental revenue during Giesse synergy benefits of 7 .6 million have been recorded in 2017 representing an increase of approximately 90.0 per cent over original targets. Peter Santo Chief Executive Officer SchlegelGiesse Warehousing in Budrio Italy. Outlook 2018 has started promisingly for SchlegelGiesse in most geographies. SchlegelGiesse expects that Continental European markets will show broadbased incremental growth in 2018 and is well placed to take further market share. The second half momentum established in the Middle East and Latin America is expected to continue with key Brazilian and Argentine markets recovering. China and Asia Pacific markets are likely to remain variable with opportunities for growth in certain countries. Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 26 Strategic report Governance and Directors report Financial statements Financial review A solid set of results James Brotherton Chief Financial Officer Income statement Revenue and profit its geographical spread new product development strategic focus and reputation. The Group aims to minimise the impact of aggressive pricing by competitors through a lowcost manufacturing strategy supported by its programmes of new product development continual process improvements and building long term relationships with its customers based on value quality service and added value technical support. Mitigation Each Division develops strategic customer plans which include high level engagement through business review meetings to identify service issues and product development opportunities on a timely basis. Management continues to invest in training for its sales teams. The Divisions aim to provide a speedy response to substandard OTIF performance or product quality. Where a Division identifies a broader category of customer that may be at risk specific mitigation plans are put in place such as the changes made in 2017 to the AmesburyTruth route to market for smaller customers. Tyman plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 40 Strategic report Governance and Directors report Financial statements Principal risks and uncertainties continued Raw material costs and supply chain failures Footprint rationalisation Financial risks A Market share gain B Pricing discipline C Process scrutiny D Focus on capital allocation E Focus on cash generation Our strategy Description The raw materials used in the Groups businesses include commodities that experience price volatility such as oil derivatives steel aluminium and zinc. The Groups ability to meet customer demands depends on obtaining timely supplies of high quality components and raw materials on competitive terms.