 There has been a great deal of media comment about the difficulties young people face purchasing a home but typical Gleeson Homes buyers are blue collar workers aged between 18 and 33. This year we sold 60 houses to people aged 21 or under. The Real Living Wage of which we are great supporters has helped the working class young Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Further Information We have plenty of land on which to build homes people to build them and a strong management team that can grow the business in a profitable and disciplined way. Jolyon Harrison Chief Executive Officer to qualify for a mortgage and their ability to earn paid overtime enables them to save a deposit. Our chosen segment of the market is large mostly untapped and not really affected by the vagaries of politics or the general economy. This is because the outgoings relating to the purchase of one of our homes are significantly less than renting a council or housing association house. If a young blue collar couple want to reduce their outgoings they should buy a Gleeson home. We recently announced our intention to double unit sales from our original medium term target of 1000 units p.a. to 2000 units p.a. within 5 years and expect to either maintain or grow margins. To achieve this we are Growing the pipeline of owned and conditionally purchased sites by acquiring land in existing and new areas we reduced it even further to a peppercorn. We make it our priority to make the house buying process fully transparent to our customers We charge a fee of 200 for covering our costs for vetting architects drawings and giving permissions for extensions and conservatories but we do not charge for minor permissions. Householders on certain sites pay third parties to maintain open space areas. These charges are generally around 100 per year per house and are challengeable by residents. There are no other hidden costs or charges. We ask our Mortgage Consultants to stay in contact with our customers for at least two years after purchase in order to help them manage their new financial environment. A two year fixed interestmortgage can often be renegotiated to our customers advantage and we certainly dont want them to take out any payday loans. We are accredited to and great supporters of the Living Wage Foundation which has helped many of our customers become homeowners. We pay our suppliers and subcontractors promptly and we reward good quality and service by paying our A subcontractors within a week. Gleeson Homes prides itself in being active in the communities in which it operates. We have sponsored 79 junior sports teams in the last 5 years and we are currently sponsoring 25. We have regular community challenge makeovers where local community facilities are refurbished to give local Responsible house building Helping young people out of housing poverty and the rent trap is very rewarding in every house builders have strong land banks there is always a healthy demand for good land from either major players or midrange house builders looking for replacement sites. We do not take the risk of purchasing land outright preferring to take out options or similar agreements. This low risk and low cost approach has enabled us to invest heavily in the promotion of sites through the planning process and build up a strong portfolio. Our highly skilled business unit based in Fleet in Hampshire is growing its team in order to support our recent investment which will result in even greater consistency in the flow of transactions. Current trading outlook We have plenty of land on which to build homes people to build them and a strong management team that can grow the business in a profitable and disciplined way. Demand and affordability of Gleeson Homes continues to be strong. The Gleeson Strategic Land portfolio is in good shape and demand remains strong from other housebuilders. The uplift in dividend signals our confidence in continued cash generative growth. We look forward to delivering our new target of doubling Gleeson Homes volumes to 2000 p.a. within 5 years. We are confident the current financial year will be another excellent year for the Group. Jolyon Harrison Chief Executive Officer 22 September 2017 Creating safe sustainable and vibrant communities THE GLEESON APPRENTICESHIP SCHEME Since 2010 the Gleeson Apprenticeship Scheme has trained over 80 young people and we have a record 32 apprentices starting in 2017 23 Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Further Information Community involvement The Winner South Yorkshire After carefully considering over 50 applications from groups and organisations across the region our judging panel unanimously chose Broomhall Under 3s as their winner. The staff from this nursery which is located in Broomhall one of Sheffields most deprived areas inspired the judges with their story of saving the nursery from closure following council cuts and sacrificing their own income to keep the centre running as a notforprofit organisation. The centre offers essential free child care for local children many of whom have special needs or come from disadvantaged families. The nursery applied for a makeover of their impractical and child unfriendly toilet facilities. Thanks to Gleesons suppliers subcontractors and hardworking staff we were not only able to provide them with a fit for purpose toilet and changing area but also redecorate and lay new specialist flooring throughout and provide two brand new kitchen areas. Our generous staff also donated numerous games and toys to the centre. The Gleeson Community Challenge Following the success of the inaugural Community Challenge in 2015 we launched the competition again in 2017 inviting notforprofit community groups across both South Yorkshire and Teesside to apply for makeovers of their facilities. The Winners Teesside This year we expanded the scope of the Community Challenge into the Teesside region with representatives from Middlesbrough MBC assisting Gleeson in judging the entries.