 Our first critically acclaimed advert in the series addresses downsizing and growing families. It not only created a bit of a stir on social media but reflects our position at the heart of home moving for all generations. Brand building will continue to focus on national television through our partnership with Channel 4 supported by online video on demand. We will also continue to add further presence in London with 400 branded taxis additional outdoor media and our exclusive partnerships with the Evening Standard and Time Out. Rightmove the UKs number one property portal has delivered another year of record results. Our number of advertisers grew by 2 to reach an alltime high of nearly 20500 and with advertisers spending more on our products data and services our revenue increased by 11 to 243.3m with underlying operating profit 1 up 11 to 184.4m and operating profit up 10 to 178.3m. Home movers visited Rightmove over 1.5 billion times in 2017 an increase of over 4 on 2016 and they spent nearly a billion minutes on Rightmove every month. Our continued progress is testament to our restless focus on the UK property advertising market and the huge effort Rightmovers have made to build our business in partnership with our industry customers. This restless innovation was recognised by Forbes in 2017 ranking Rightmove as the worlds most innovative growth company for the second year in a row. Our innovation is focused on making our marketplace simpler on average despite the number of overseas estate agent and developer customers advertising falling by 7. Our Commercial property advertising business continues to gain momentum with commercial property professionals and occupiers spending over 11 million minutes per month Home movers visited Rightmove over 1.5 billion times in 2017 and they spent nearly a billion minutes on Rightmove every month. 2 Source comScore December 2017. rightmove.co.uk 10 Average Revenue Per Advertiser increased by 10 to 922 driven by customers spending more on products and packages and price increases. Innovation to create a simpler and more efficient marketplace Combining our software and whole of market dataset whilst supported by our dedicated account management teams we help customers drive operational efficiencies and inform their business decisions. Our focus is in the areas our customers value most which in the case of our agents is identifying potential business and winning and retaining that business. Whilst our software tools are already recognised as being best in class and widely adopted with 90 of our Agency customers using our tools each month it is not in our DNA to stand still and we have continued to innovate our market intelligence software for agents Rightmove Intel. Winning new business is a resource intensive activity for our customers and 2017 saw the introduction of a number of reports which highlight both new and secondary business opportunities meaning agents can spend more of their time on the most valuable opportunities. These innovations have been warmly received by customers. For invest more to drive their brand exposure and gain market share. This year Strategic report Chief Executives review continued 3 Source Independent software provider to the estate agency industry. 4 Source The Property Academy 2017 Home Moving T rends Survey. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Rightmove plc annual report 2017 11 In parallel with these new events we continue to run our ever popular webinar series which allows estate agency teams to learn how to make the most of the Rightmove platforms while also covering industry topics and more general business practices. In 2017 we ran 170 webinars attended by over 16500 people. Build great teams with a culture to innovate Rightmove is people and our people define Rightmove. Rightmove has a culture which is both restless and focused. We strive to create one team of Rightmovers with as few barriers as possible to rapid growth and innovation. We believe that this comes from a processlight highly connected organisation with little constraining hierarchy and bureaucracy. It is about employing the right people giving them the freedom and authority to innovate and lead and then guiding them to succeed. In order to hear the symphonies produced by a wellfunctioning team we need every Rightmover to be both individually empowered and accountable. A diverse Rightmove is important to us. We recognise that a diverse team will provide a wide range of perspectives that promote innovation and business success. Drawing on what is unique about individuals adds value to the way we do period. Further awards of 50 free shares have been made annually in subsequent years to all qualifying employees. Strategic report Corporate responsibility rightmove.co.uk 26 An employee engagement score will again form part of the senior management bonus criteria in 2018 demonstrating the importance of employee management to the continuing success of Rightmove. The management team continues to work hard to improve the employee experience at Rightmove. In 2017 we took on additional space and refurbished our London office taking employee preferences into account the result being a creative and welcoming space. Equality and diversity Rightmove has a firm commitment to equality of opportunity in all our employment policies and practices. Our recruitment and selection processes focus on selecting the best candidate for a role regardless of their age gender sexuality fullor parttime status disability and marital status. We recognise that a diverse workforce reflects Rightmoves broad consumer base and our many customers. Our people have a wide range of experience and perspectives that we believe promote innovation constructive challenge and success. Drawing on a wide variety of personal attributes drives value in the way we do business and helps us anticipate and provide what our customers need from us and what home hunters want from Rightmove. At 31 December 2017 female representation on the Board was 38 and with the appointment of Lorna Tilbian in February 2018 that proportion has risen to 44 of Board members.