 Whilst shortterm demand for this product group remains fairly flat ten units were secured in conjunction with our strategic partner Eureka Pumps AS and with an installed base of more than 250 highpower motors offshore there are additional aftermarket opportunities across key markets. Oil majors see subsea processing as a means of improving the economics of oil recovery by reducing hardware costs by around 50 through standardisation and extending an oilfields life estimated to be 56 years in the case of the North Sea. Accordingly spending on subsea trees is expected to increase by around 12 yearonyear to 2018. This demand is driven by the need of over 1000 Source 2017 Oil and Gas Trends Strategy PwC January 2017 Source EIC Datastream May 2017 Source Douglas Westwood analysis 2017 Hayward Tyler Group PLC Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017 14 candidate fields to either optimise production or minimise the topside investment burden for multiple wellheads. It is also driven by the need to find an alternative to oilfilled subsea systems and ElectroSubmersible Pumps inwell artificial lift systems with their inherent constraints and reliability concerns. Hayward Tyler is well placed to capitalise on this trend as it is one of only a handful of motor suppliers worldwide that have the required wet wound motor expertise global standards capability existing approvals and operational reference list. This is evidenced Local Schools monitoring pay and benchmarking maintaining the very successful graduate and apprentice programmes steppingup overall employee engagement embedding the gainshare programme into employee remuneration packages to incentivise performance introduction of the Agility system to ensure suitably qualified experienced persons and monitored and developed to identify and reduce business risks and utilisation of external and Group resource to offset the absence of key personnel. Operational Risk F. Supply Chain The Group has an increasing dependence on its supply chain as part of its aim to improve throughput and minimise stock. Failure of that supply chain can result in operational disruption and delays to shipments to customers leading to potential loss of profit and damage to customer relationships. A strategic sourcing policy was implemented in FY2013. As part of the Groups programme of continuous improvement the implementation of this policy is being reinvigorated. Mitigating actions include sourcing strategies to avoid single point dependence for any key commodity and standardisation to support possible stock holdings identifying inhouse capability and focused investment in related capital expenditure exception reporting daily operational planning and review processes support the early identification of risk and where necessary action monitoring of supplier performance a reduced number of suppliers with strategic longterm partnerships on key components strengthening of supply chain teams and continuous supply chain benchmarking and development. Hayward Tyler Group PLC Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017 34 Risk Potential Impact Mitigation Financial Risk G. Funding The Group is dependent on its ability to service this increase under control it could face cash constraints that impact the business cycle. The Group is seeking to mitigate this risk through the following means standard terms and conditions of manufacturing contracts require a customer to make stage payments to fund working capital on the contract. Where stage payments can not be achieved by the Group it may be possible to augment borrowing and bonding lines through use of the shortterm funding schemes provided by UK Export Finance with whom the Group has a close relationship a Groupwide initiative to reduce stock increased manufacturing velocity through workflow reengineering to reduce working capital requirements per unit of revenue through active management of accounts receivable and accounts payable and linking employee remuneration to the control of cash and working capital. I. Currency The Group operates and sells in overseas markets that may utilise currencies other than those in which its principal costs are denominated. The exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may as a result affect the Groups cash flow. The principal risk is US Dollar income. The Groups policy is to hedge its transaction exposures i.e. cash flows on a rolling 12 month basis and build a foundation of cover for non contracted flows in the 12 to 24 month period. As at 31 March 2017 76 of estimated USD net inflows into the UK over the following 12 months were hedged. Currency hedging lines are available from two providers. Hayward Tyler Group PLC Financial statements for the year ended competition. We also have given several tours of our facilities and discussed the nature of our work with university and high school groups. In addition we donate to various groups such as Technology for Tomorrow which helps local underserved communities with technology access and training and The Group continues to maintain strong links with a growing network of local and national universities attending careers fairs sponsoring project awards and running a mentoring scheme with both university students and final year school pupils. Celebrating Our Success On 24 August 2016 Hayward Tyler was delighted to welcome the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to its Centre of Excellence to formally open the facility and to present Hayward Tyler with the most prestigious Queens Award for Enterprise International Trade. It was a pleasure to have many of our customers stakeholders and employees and their families witness the Royal visit and see the outcome of all the hard work we have delivered over the past few years. It was an honour to showcase our new facility to our strategic partners and loyal customers who will benefit from our enhanced capabilities. In addition Hayward Tylers achievements were recognised by its peers at The Manufacturer MX Awards in 2016 with recognition for Dr Ewan LloydBaker Dave Murray and Michael Williams receiving the Top 100 UK role models award. The annual awards which are delivered by The Manufacturer magazine in association with the Institution of Mechanical Engineers inspire recognise and reward the best of UK manufacturing.