 1 Internal estimate based on the number of patients with moderate to severe symptoms multiplied by the estimated cost to treat. 2 Centre for Disease Control and Protection. 3 Hankin CS Cox L Land D et al JACI 2007. 4 As presented at the Investor Presentations June 2017 Lawrence DuBuske. allergytherapeutics.com 25 Strategy in Action Current Position Market served by allergists who buy concentrate allergen compounds from manufacturers and then dilute and treat Potential Pressure from healthcare insurers and the regulatory authorities towards reduced frequency of treatment and pharmaceutical grade products benefiting pharma grade ultrashort course treatments In addition to the Grass MATA MPL product the Group has Pollinex Quattro Ragweed and Pollinex Quattro Trees products which were put on clinical hold. Plan to restart clinical work if the Grass product clinical process is complete. This would require products to go through a further Phase II and Phase III trials as the products have already undergone several clinical trials. Additionally two pipeline products Acarovac MPL and Polyvac Peanut could also be developed for the US market providing a broad portfolio of products in the US allergy field. One study suggested that only 16 of patients completed the three year treatment. 3 Typical course is 35 years and can include up to 100 injections. Estimated that 50 of patients never start treatment after being informed of the treatment regime and 50 of the remaining patients drop out in the first year. A move to an ultrashort course treatment could significantly direct sales force 10 12 13 2015 2016 2017 Operational markets Percentage market share in the markets which we operate 1 Constant currency uses prior year weighted average exchange rates to translate current year foreign currency denominated revenue to give a year on year comparison excluding the effects of foreign exchange movements. 2 In previous years a KPI of maximising the number of countries into which we sell our products was measured. This new KPI is a more relevant measure for the future. 28 Strategic Report Product Review The Group sells a wide range of aluminium free allergy vaccines and diagnostics. The majority of revenue arises from sales of allergy vaccines. Our Products The Group sells both injectable and sublingual oral formats. The most commonly prescribed are those for the treatment of pollen related allergies particularly for allergies to grasses weeds and trees. Our vaccines trade under various brand names depending on the market e.g. Pollinex Quattro Polligoid and TA Grser Top. Our extensive range of wellcharacterised diagnostics includes 82 diagnostics in Germany with marketing authorisations and specialised allergens for other markets. According to the current opinion of expert immunologists immunoglobulin E IgE mediated allergies type one allergies are due to deregulation of the T helper lymphocyte Th cell. Whereas healthy people develop tolerance to allergens allergy sufferers have a Th2dominated immune response with increased IgE and corresponding clinical symptoms. This deregulation of the immune system can be counteracted efficiently using specific immunotherapy SIT. By administering high doses of allergen The tool comprises a list of allergens and an overview of any potential crossreactivity. The piece also includes a wheel that can be turned to highlight cross reactivity between common allergens to enable physicians to better explain allergy to patients and allow them to feel involved in their condition and take an active role in avoiding crossreactive allergens. Following a successful launch at EAACI 2017 in Helsinki the crossreactivity tool is being made available to all the Groups markets to assist in the further education of patients and doctors. Published Work during the period 1. VirusLike Particle VLP Plus Microcrystalline Tyrosine MCT Adjuvants Enhance Vaccine Efficacy Improving T and B Cell Immunogenicity and Protection against Plasmodium bergheivivax. CabralMiranda G. Heath M.D. Mohsen M.O. Gomes A.C. Engeroff P. Flaxman A. Leoratti F.M.S. ElTurabi A. ReyesSandoval A. Skinner M.A. Kramer M.F. Bachmann M.F. Vaccines 2017 5 10. 2. Clinical use of adjuvants in allergenimmunotherapy Klimek L. SchmidtWeber C.B. Kramer M.F. Skinner M.A. and Heath M.D. Expert Review of Clinical Immunology 2017. VOL 136 599610. 3. Adjuvantien in der allergenspezifischen Immuntherapie AIT Klimek L Kramer M. and Pfaar O. Allergologie Jahrgang 40 Nr. 22017 S. 4649 Article in German 4. Comparison of a novel microcrystalline tyrosine adjuvant with aluminium hydroxide for enhancing vaccination against seasonal influenza. Heath M.D. Swan N.J. Marriott A.C. Silman N.J. Hallis B. Prevosto C. Gooch K.E Skinner M.A. BMC Infectious Diseases 2017 17232. 5. Molecular Fingerprinting of Complex Grass Allergoids size assessments reveal new insights in epitope repertoires and functional capacities. Starchenka S. Bell A.J. Mwange J. Skinner M.A and Heath M.D. World Allergy Organization Journal 2017 1017. 6. The grass pollen season 2014 in Vienna A pilot study combining phenology aerobiology and symptom data Kmenta M. Bastla K. Kramer M.F. Hewings S.J. Mwange J. Zetter R. and Berger U. Sci Total Environ 2016 Oct 15566567161420. 7. Adjuvant treatment with a symbiotic in patients with inflammatory nonallergic rhinitis M Gelardi C De Luca S Taliente ML Fiorella N Quaranta C Russo A Ciofalo A Macchi M Mancini P Rosso V Seccia F Guagnini G Ciprandi. Journal Biological Regulators Homeostatic Agents 2017 JanMar311201206 8. Probiotics gut microbiome and immunomodulation is this the key to counteract the allergy epidemics F Fassio and F Guagnini 2016. Journal of Pharmacy and Nutrition Science Vol 6 Issue 2 8388 9. Ultrashortcourse booster is effective in recurrent grass polleninduced allergic rhinitis. Pfaar O Lang S PieperFrst U Astvatsatourov A Gerich F Klimek L Kramer MF Reydelet Y ShahHosseini K Msges R Allergy. 2017 Jul 4. doi 10.1111all.13240. Pipeline 36 Strategic Report Principal Risks and Uncertainties The Board has overall responsibility for the Groups system of risk management. In common with many pharmaceutical companies the Group faces a number of risks and uncertainties. Internal controls are in place to help identify manage and mitigate these risks.