 We have adopted the United Nations SDGs as a helpful framework to encourage such multi stakeholder partnerships SDG17 and developed a number of mutually beneficial collaborations. These include our partnership with Compassion in World Farming and other farm animal welfare bodies which has brought about third party insights and expertise that have helped us to develop a policy and framework designed to deliver enhanced farm animal welfare standards throughout our global supply chain. Working together we have identified opportunities to engage with our suppliers be more ambitious in our sourcing commitments and achieve continuous improvement. One significant outcome from our engagement with these partners has been a global commitment to source only cage free eggs by 2025 this includes shell eggs and liquid egg. WHO WE CREATE VALUE FOR INVESTORS Open and proactive engagement is our way of building and maintaining relationships with the investment community. We aim to provide fair balanced and understandable information about our strategy operations risks and opportunities. Within this framework we promote the links between sustainable operations and long term financial success. We engage with the investment community in various ways including presentations onetoone and group meetings as well as site visits. CLIENTS AND CONSUMERS We are a B2B businesstobusiness organisation and our clients range from large corporations and hospitals to schools universities and sports arenas. However our food is consumed by the employees students patients and sports fans that come to our restaurants and cafs so there is also DECENT WORK FOR ALL The availability of decent work is a must for lasting inclusive and economic growth yet while the global labour force continues to grow there are not enough jobs available particularly amongst young people and indigenous communities. Our 550000 employees are fundamental to our great service and reputation. Around the world we are working with local communities to offer fair employment and great career opportunities. In Australia we run a programme called Project 1050 to support the recruitment of an additional 1050 indigenous jobseekers into the Compass workforce by 2019. In 2017 we achieved a further 339 jobseekers versus our annual target of 244 towards our 2019 goal. CONSERVE AND SUSTAINABLY USE THE OCEANS SEAS AND MARINE RESOURCES FOR SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 30 of the worlds fish stocks are overexploited compromising their ability to produce sustainable yields. Three words encapsulate our approach to sustainable seafood 1 Avoid by not serving seafood on the Marine Stewardship Councils MSC fish to avoid list 2 Improve by buying more certified sustainable seafood each year 3 Promote the availability of responsibly sourced fish to our consumers. We have partnered with the MSC in the UK to develop the Good Fish Guide app which encourages everyone from chefs to consumers to make more sustainable choices easily and quickly. PROTECT RESTORE AND PROMOTE SUSTAINABLE USE OF TERRESTRIAL ECOSYSTEMS SUSTAINABLY MANAGE FORESTS COMBAT DESERTIFICATION AND HALT AND REVERSE LAND DEGRADATION AND HALT BIODIVERSITY LOSS People need nature to thrive. It is particularly critical for sustainable a result higher than average increases may apply in future to Mr Blakemores salary. Upon becoming Group CEO under the new Policy Mr Blakemore would see an immediate reduction to his pension cash allowance from his current 35 to 20 per annum which would not be subject to phasing will have a bonus opportunity of 200 and an LTIP opportunity of 300 of base salary. The details of remuneration for Richard Cousins were disclosed on 21 September 2017 and are also set out on page 92 and these are also in line with our existing Policy. REWARDING PERFORMANCE IN 20162017 Compass has delivered another year of excellent performance with organic revenue growth of 4 with strong net new business in North America and a challenging but improving environment in Europe and Rest of World. Our ongoing commitment to generating efficiencies continues to be supported by our Management and Performance MAP framework. We are using these efficiencies to invest in exciting opportunities for growth around the Group. For the annual bonus we measure Group and where relevant regional performance. This led to a range of bonus outcomes as set out in the Annual Remuneration Report. For the Long Term Incentive Plan the TSR element was earned in full because Compass ranked 13 th against other FTSE 100 companies excluding financial service sector over the performance period. The targets we set based on growth in ROCE and cumulative AFCF were demanding and were satisfied with 23.5 and 100 vesting respectively. The Committee considers this outcome to be a fair and balanced result. Salary adjustments for executive directors are aligned with increases paid for other senior executives within the Group and specifically to employees within their region. For Gary Green a salary increase of 4 is awarded with effect from January 2018. As previously indicated Johnny Thomson was appointed to the role of Group Finance Director below the market rate to reflect that this was his first PLC director role. After another year of strong performance Mr Thomson has been awarded an increase of 6 and this is the final stage of a phased set of increases to reach a competitive pay level. No increase is proposed for Mr Cousins in his final year with Compass. CONCLUSION The Committee believes that the new Policy proposed will ensure that Compass has a remuneration framework which is fit for the foreseeable future. Having engaged extensively with shareholders over the course of this review at critical points we have taken a fully considered approach to devising these proposals. Our proposed Policy will ensure that executive directors remuneration aligns with our strategic priorities of growing profitably in all of our businesses thus supporting the delivery of continued superior returns. Shareholders will have the opportunity to vote on both the Annual Remuneration Report for the year ended 30 September 2017 and this new Remuneration Policy at our AGM to be held on 8 February 2018.