 The potential award can only be estimated at this stage and is dependent on the performance over this three year period. 5.0p per share. Full year dividend 4.2 increase on 2013 15 ofces with experienced management teams 7 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2014 Chairmans Review OUTLOOK Further improvements in both the occupational and investor markets across all three of our core regions have enabled the business to produce another year of record results. We have sold a signi cant amount of property into a very buoyant UK investment market releasing capital and allowing Hansteen to make some noteworthy acquisitions. These acquisitions having a high initial yield and a material vacant element t our business model perfectly. Hansteen has a very diverse high yielding portfolio of light industrial property located across Germany the UK and Benelux. The income from the Groups portfolio has proved robust throughout the recession years and should continue to be so in the future. Our asset management teams have proved adept at improving occupancy and the rent roll and also at realising opportunities. Business con dence and the underlying economy are improving in each of our regions providing an improving back drop to our business. However these levers for growth have now been supported and in some areas outstripped by the extraordinarily low interest rate environment within which we are operating and more recently the weight of capital buying property for yield. Our optimism for the future must however be tempered by the current uncertainties in the euro zone and the potential for the volatility of the Euro. At the time of our last half year results we highlighted that the then current interest rate environment was extraordinarily low. Since then rates have approximately halved and there is a general acknowledgement that these rates are likely to stay low for longer than was hitherto expected. Such a background to the operation of a high yielding property business is outside the experience of most people working today but the likelihood must be that it will provide scope for continued yield compression and further liquidity in the property sector. Improvements in both the occupational and investor markets across all three of our core regions have enabled the business to produce another year of record results James Hambro Chairman 6 March 2015 8 HANSTEEN HOLDINGS PLC Chairmans Review Joint Chief Executives Review and Finance Report The Group has completed 583.0 million of sales and purchases during 2014. The increase in investor appetite for multilet light industrial property particularly in the UK has enabled us to sell pro tably 315.3 million of property. Despite increased competition we have still managed to acquire 267 .7 million of property on terms that we believe offer excellent value and future growth potential. At the property level our portfolio that is owned or coowned comprises 4.2 million sq m or 45.4 million sq ft at a passing yield of 8.5 occupancy of 86.0 and over 6000 2.9 per annum at the time of re nancing excluding fees. The combined terms equated to an allin average rate of 3.8 per annum including fees. We were delighted to secure these well priced facilities with new lenders and Hansteen has already built on the relationship with HSBC who also provided the bank debt for the acquisitions concluded at the end of the year. Seven properties in Germany were sold for 23.2 million generating 3.0 million of pro t above the December 2013 valuation and 4.9 million above gross acquisition costs. The biggest of these was our Delta Forum estate in GinsheimGustavsburg which was sold to a fund managed by CBRE Global Investors for 16.0 million. With the estate almost fully occupied it was identi ed as ripe for sale and because the light industrial property sector had not been previously recognised by institutions the sale was a signi cant step forward for both Hansteen and the whole sector. A portfolio of nine properties the Pisces portfolio was purchased in December 2014 for 56.6 million adding 140000 sq m of space to the portfolio. There is currently 19.0 of good quality lettable vacant space which presents a signi cant opportunity to increase income and capital values. The rent roll stands at 5.3 million per annum and when fully let the portfolio is expected to produce rent of 6.7 million per annum. In addition Hansteen has also exchanged a conditional contract to purchase a further estate for 1 .5 million with from Hansteens wholly owned UK property 14 HANSTEEN HOLDINGS PLC Joint Chief Executives Review and Finance Report as well as to sell assets into the buoyant UK market. The results are impressive with an improvement in likeforlike rent of 0.3 million and an increase in likeforlike occupancy of 75000 sq m. At 31 December 2014 the portfolio was valued at 425.5 million had a rent roll of 36.9 million per annum a yield on the passing rent of 8.7 and had a vacancy rate of 14.4. During the year we acquired a further 9.2 stake in AIF for 26.0 million increasing our share in the fund to 36.7. The additional stake was purchased from three vendors at a price of 46.5p per unit the March 2014 property valuation. Since then the value of the AIF properties has increased by 9.9. A further 4.1 holding was purchased in February 2015 for 11 .0 million bringing our total holding to 40.8. HPUT The biggest single portfolio sale was completed in October when HPUT was sold in two transactions for a total of 146.1 million after the deduction of rental topups. 41 assets were sold to a fund advised by Brockton Capital LLP in a partnership with Dunedin Property for 110.5 million. A separate 5050 joint venture between Brockton Capital and Hansteen acquired Saltley Business Park in Birmingham for a net price of 35.6 million an asset which Hansteen will continue to manage.