 Drugs are getting more complex Whilst overall demand for prescription drugs and other treatments is growing strongly more complex drugs are growing particularly quickly. Biotech products are expected to account for 29 of total drug sales by 2022 up from 26 in 2017. This creates additional opportunities for agencies which are best able to navigate the complex regulatory and institutional environment surrounding these drugs. Healthcare is becoming more digital Healthcare providers and consumers are both becoming increasingly digital. Healthcare professionals are twice as likely to use online sources than print when making clinical decisions. Globally over 60 of people use the internet to search for advice on health medicines or medical conditions a figure which rises to 80 in the US. Increasing pressure on client budgets Pressures on marketing budgets continue to intensify and there is increasing pressure to justify spend. As a result there is a demand for better measurement to quantify success and a need to see new ideas and new ways of solving problems. Disruption of traditional marketing and consultancy The lines between traditional marketing advertising communications and public relations are becoming increasingly blurred. This has led to intensifying competition from new entrants and established players leading clients to more frequently review the solutions available to them. In this environment innovative offerings are increasingly rewarded over established ways of doing things. Integrated offering Clients increasingly demand an integrated offering to 2017 16.0m 3.1m 1.5m 0.1m 2.3m 2.1m 0.2m 1.4m 1.9m 24.4 Headline profit before tax We see increasing opportunities arising from healthcarefocused clients seeking a more differentiated and increasingly digital offering for their medical and marketing communications. To further support this we acquired The Creative Engagement Group TCEG in July 2017 for 25.0 million settled in cash. TCEG consists of three agencies that provide experiential marketing primarily to healthcare clients. Its integration will further strengthen our digital capability while allowing TCEG to benefit from access to the Groups global resources. While Huntsworth is firmly focused on developing and adding to its Healthcare assets Communications remains an important part of the Group contributing 21 of profits before central costs. 2017 has seen further good progress in reorganising and rightsizing elements of the offering leaving the division in a better position to compete and increase profitability in the coming years. Group performance overview The Groups performance this year primarily reflects a combination of strong growth from the three Healthcare divisions the impact of a favourable move in exchange rates and Graylings return to profitability. The bridge below shows the key movements in headline profits in 2017. A weaker sterling in 2017 compared to 2016 has generated a translational gain of 1.1 million with a further 2.0 million incremental gain on hedging instruments. The acquisition of TCEG added 1.5 million to profits net of interest. Reduced losses on operations disposed of in either 2016 or 2017 added a further 0.1 million to profits perceived to be increasing across the industry at the moment. Business and IT disaster recovery plans have been implemented to minimise any disruption in the event of an IT failure. External access to data is protected by the Groups IT security which is reviewed and tested frequently to ensure that the Groups network is as secure as possible. Internal access to data is restricted appropriately. Huntsworth plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 30 31 Trend Risk Risk and impact Mitigating factors OPERATIONAL continued Unethical business practices Both reputational and operational damage may arise if the Group engages in actual or perceived unethical client work. Ethical matters that are not identified or managed appropriately could cause reputational damage to the Group. The Group strives to foster a culture of openness responsibility and ethical behaviour and has an externally managed whistleblowing process for the reporting of any unethical conduct. The Groups Code of Ethics is provided to every employee and they are expected to read and formally acknowledge the content and act accordingly. Referral processes including divisional committees are in place to manage all perceived ethical and conflict issues. Loan facility and covenant headroom risk Any liquidity issues could result in reputational damage and potentially impair the Groups ability to make future acquisitions or settle existing obligations. The Group has 75 million of multicurrency loan facilities with a syndicate of banks maturing in 2021 with an accordion option for a further 40 million as well as a 5 million uncommitted overdraft. Management cash paid or shares issued under the earnout arrangements. The amount arising or released in the prior year represented a change in the estimated future financial performance of the acquired company. Where deferred consideration was not contingent on the outcome of future events the amount was included in trade and other payables. Property provisions Provisions for property represent amounts set aside in respect of property leases which are onerous and the unavoidable costs of restoring leasehold properties to the condition specified in the lease at the end of the contractual term. The quantification of these provisions has been determined based on external professional advice and is dependent on the Groups ability to exit the leases early or to sublet the properties. In general property costs are expected to be incurred over a range of one to eight years. Reorganisation and other provisions This provision relates principally to redundancy provisions. In addition when acquiring businesses provisions have been made to cover the best estimate of the Groups exposure to liabilities arising due to the acquisition. Huntsworth plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 94 95 20.