5 billion in dividends invested over US4 billion to sustain and expand our operations and develop new projects and increased attributable silver and gold production by over 55 and 245 respectively. FOR MORE DETAILS ON OUR ACHIEVEMENTS IN BOTH FINANCIAL AND NONFINANCIAL TERMS SINCE THE IPO IN 2008 SEE PAGES 12 26 52 72 While we remain confident about our future and growth potential we do not ignore the challenges faced by the mining industry. These include lower grades access to land environmental demands social pressures and growing complexities in the permitting processes among others. Managing these pressures requires increased focus and expertise to avoid excessive delays to projects and to maintain our social licence to operate. KEY POINTS Adjusted revenue 9.2 Increased profitability gross profit 4.9 profit for the period 32.0 Dividends paid in 2017 of US236.6 million up 168.2 Strong corporate governance Increased gender diversity at Board level Further growth and returns anticipated 2017 A YEAR OF PROGRESS 2017 has again proved the importance of a consistent conservative longterm strategy based primarily on organic growth developed and implemented by a committed professional team and fully supported by the Board. This provided the foundation for another year of record silver production and stable gold production. The commitment to exploration across precious metals price cycles continues to be the key to our success growth and longterm prospects. WE END OUR FIRST DECADE OF OPERATIONS AS WE STARTED IT FIRM IN OUR COMMITMENT TO are currently in the process of finalising our next set of objectives and these will be announced as part of our interim results presentation in August 2018. Q WILL THE STRATEGY CHANGE IN ORDER TO ACHIEVE YOUR FUTURE GOALS A No absolutely not. A proven strategy applied with consistency has been the foundation for our success to date and a key differentiating factor between ourselves and our peers. Despite our relative youth as a standalone Company our history as a mining group stretches back 130 years and we drew on all the experience gathered across those decades to identify and establish the principles that shaped our strategy. The business model is sound the balance sheet robust and the ability to deliver results across all price cycles has been ably demonstrated. As we move into our second decade we will continue to monitor opportunities to complement organic growth with accretive mergers and acquisitions. However we recognise that this can be a challenge. Most operations we evaluate from geological and financial perspectives fall short of the rigorous criteria and expectations we apply to Fresnillo operations. Q WHAT DO YOU EXPECT IN 2018 A While we are forecasting that all our operations will perform at their maximum levels we nonetheless anticipate a challenging year in 2018. Inflationary pressures are likely to increase and it is unclear whether precious metals prices have already bottomed out or may drift lower. In addition 2018 is an election year in Mexico and this will doubtless bring an RISKS SEVERE VERY LOW IMPACT UNLIKELY LIKELIHOOD 8 7 4 3 2 1 5 ALMOST CERTAIN DESCRIPTION OF RISKS 1. Theft of inventory assets materials including explosives and equipment. 2. Actions by the union or deterioration in relations with the union. 3. Safety incident that impacts the physical integrity of employees collaborators including explosion trapping electrocution being struck by falling rock insect bites falls etc. 4. Volatility in the prices of gold and silver over a period of time. 5. Major mechanical failure fire explosion or any catastrophe resulting in operational interruption for reasons attributable to the people. 6. Personnel may leave the Company or the Company may not be successful in the recruitment of personnel required. 7. Mining development delay caused by the low efficiency of the shot or blasting for development. 8. FailureLack of availability or delays in obtaining access to land ejidos. 9. Security risks including damage to staff or contractorsor restrict access to projectsoperations extortion. 10. The surrounding communities do not provide their support or hinder operations social license for operation due to complaints from community regarding operations e.g. dust blasting vibrations noise pollution water use. Security Pavement of streets and walkways Water Wastewater infrastructure Garbage collection and street cleaning Unemployment Sports facility Public works Road infrastructure Education infrastructure SOCIAL AND SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY ASSESSMENT Larger spheres represent greater importance to the individual stakeholder groups at Fresnillo. Community Formal authorities Informal authorities Unionised employees Nonunionised employees Contractors 6 9 10 56 FRESNILLO PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS and respectful environment. The team from IBBY guided us on the choice of books and initial teacher training as well as on how to monitor progress and coach the teachers. With their valuable support we expanded the project in 2017 and opened more bunkos small community libraries where volunteers read aloud to children and facilitate discussions. Over the course of the year we helped a total of 8186 children from 66 schools from kindergartens to high schools in the communities of Cinega Penmont Saucito Fresnillo San Julin Rodeo and Gigante Guanajuato. CASE STUDY ENSURING HEALTHY LIVES AND PROMOTING WELLBEING Nothing is more important to us than our people which is why we use our expertise and resources to help ensure they lead healthy lives. This is particularly important in some of our local communities where access to healthcare is a stakeholder concern either due to remote location or low socioeconomic levels. In 2017 we worked closely with the UNAM Foundation NGOs and local health authorities to foster a preventive and selfcare culture. The programme benefited more than 11435 people from over 100 communities from Penmont Fresnillo District Cinega and San Julin. These benefits included free eye care dental care vaccination and diabetes detection and also raised awareness of issues such as the importance of good eating habits.