 Spire Healthcare hospital Consultant N HS Fun di n g s o ur c e s Private Patient Selfpay NHS eReferral Service Private Medical Insurance GP referral Open direct or named referrals Local contracting NHS hospital including foundation trust Our resources and relationships The sustainability of our business model relies on several interconnected resources and relationships. 7 Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Strategic Report Financial Statements Other Information Consultants A wellrun hospital with supportive management and clinical teams helps us attract and retain the best clinicians 92 of consultants believe our hospitals go out of their way to make a difference to their working relationship Employees We provide a wide range of training and a flexible and supportive working environment 86 Employees who believe what they do at work makes a positive difference Shareholders We aim to continue to pay a dividend in line with our policy and to return excess cash to shareholders when available 2.5p Proposed final dividend per share 0.0 Revenue Our sources of revenue are well diversified and we are focused on driving growth from all of our three payor groups. Operating efficiencies We drive margin through a close focus on improving operational efficiency balancing central protocols and procurement with empowerment of local teams to drive local growth and performance. Investment We invest consistently in further capacity equipment and services. With the so all consultants who work at Spire Healthcare represent the highest sector standards. Drive performance through an aligned organisation by setting clear capabilities for each role and supporting teams to achieve them improving employee communications and engagement to build a more confident purposeful culture focused on results introducing a new reward and performance framework with quality as a condition to encourage excellence and delivery strengthening recruitment with a new centrally coordinated team and closing our gender pay gap and being a strong contributor to the communities in which we work. These strategic priorities are being facilitated by operational excellence with initiatives including Workforce planning A predictive workflow tool ensuring an effective and safe skill mix and efficient wards and outpatient departments. Best practice telephony A technologyled programme to raise private pay call response and conversion. Project Outstanding Our initiative to deliver our clinical and nonclinical standards consistently in order to provide outstanding quality care as rated by the CQC. You can read more about this in the Clinical Review on pages 20 to 25. Investing Capital to upgrade and improve our existing sites and raise return on capital across the business. How will we measure our progress CQC site ratings and Spire audit ratings NJRPROMs performance Unplanned returns to theatre and unplanned readmission rates Infection rates Postoperative mortality rates Patient satisfaction percentage patients Extremely Likely to recommend Spire Healthcare Patient satisfaction Quality of care Satisfaction on discharge Annual consultant satisfaction survey scores Employee engagement semiannual survey Competency assessment and continuous Shore Hospital and at the Pain Management Research Institute. He will also attend a twoweek multidisciplinary pain management workshop. Vincenzo said This will give me an amazing chance to travel and to observe closely nursing practices in another country which I think will really help me. I strongly believe that these kind of experiences promote professional and personal growth. My ultimate goal is to work as part of a pain management team and this experience will really put me on the right road to achieving that. Spire London East Hospital Matron Patricia Turner said The Florence Nightingale Institute is close to all nurses hearts. We were ecstatic when Vincenzo won the scholarship. He will bring his learning back from Australia to share with us and the Company and we will support him in writing his paper for publication. It will benefit so many people. 22 Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 Clinical review Continued The following table shows the percentage of published CQC reports receiving a positive rating Good or Outstanding by domain for the independent sector. Figures correct as of 1 February 2018. Hospital Published Reports Overall rating Safe Effective Caring Responsive Well led Spire Healthcare 36 69 56 82 100 94 69 Sector excl. Spire Healthcare 137 69 55 78 100 93 67 NHS 294 45 34 66 98 48 48 Summary of inspection results Famous for clinical quality and care Unplanned returns C.difficile infection rate per 10000 bed days 0.12 2017 2016 2015 0.55 0.60 0.12 improve our telephony capability. This includes improved call routing to ensure a positive impact to customer experience and the ability to measure performance to drive further improvements headline improvements across the six pilot hospitals include 20 increase in Selfpay appointment bookings compared to nonpilot hospitals. a relaunch of our website to raise search optimisation and usage and an ongoing development of a workforce planning tool which uses best in class acuity assessment and online updates to create a safe and efficient staff rota and bookings allocation. The NHS standard acute contract requires discharge summaries to be sent electronically the socalled edischarge. Our SAP system already links to many GPs systems across the country. In 2017 we trialled edischarge notes at Spire Alexandra and Spire Sussex hospitals. In 2018 we will extend the benefits to other hospitals ensuring notes are with GPs within 24 hours. The next step will be to send clinic letters to GPs electronically. During 2017 our coding teams implemented the NHSs new tariffs and upgraded to HRG4 1. This included the creation of a comorbidity ticksheet to bridge the gap between terminologies used by clinicians and coders. The result ensures that all secondary conditions relevant to any one patient can be clearly documented and accurately coded. All our hospitals have had at least one coding review during the year highlighting areas where improvements can be made to the accuracy of clinical coding.