 These are delivered by over 400 professionals located in 24 of ces throughout the UK both direct to clients and to intermediaries. Over the years we have constantly re ned our proposition to meet the changing needs of our clients. Our services include personalised investment portfolio management pooled solutions nancial planning advice and an awardwinning executiononly dealing platform Charles Stanley Direct. Our vision Our vision is to become the UKs leading wealth manager by 2020. We de ne leading in terms of quality rather than quantity. Focusing on client satisfaction as well as staff engagement and equity market rating we measure our progress against these targets yearonyear. Two years into our vision positive transformation across the business sees us on track to achieving this. Our values Charles Stanleys core values Caring Fair and Progressive have provided an overarching framework within which we operate supporting our underlying strategy to always work in our clients best interests and offer a truly personal service. 01 At a glance 02 Chairmans statement 04 Chief Executive Of cers report 06 Strategy and operating principles overview 08 Key performance indicators 12 Our business 13 Our markets 14 Strategy progressing 18 Review of the year 34 Risk management and principal risks 40 Corporate social responsibility report Strategic report Governance 46 C h a ir m a n s in tr o d u c ti o n 48 Board of Directors and Executive Committee 52 Co rp o r a t e g o v and valuing differences and where appropriate capitalising on them to accelerate the Groups growth. A diverse workforce adds value to our business. It helps us understand clients and counterparties from all walks of life and creates compelling wealth management services that are appropriate for our clients. An inclusive workplace culture helps us attract the most talented people from all backgrounds. We are committed to challenging discrimination in all its forms and ensuring that equality lies at the heart of everything we do. We want to be a fair and unbiased organisation one where everyone accepts difference between individuals and values the benefits that diversity brings. As a provider of services to private clients we need to be proactive so that we can meet the changing needs of diverse communities and provide an environment where dignity and individuality is respected and promoted. As an employer we strive to build on our culture in which diversity is valued and staff can promote equality and are comfortable to challenge when appropriate. Specific questions relating to diversity and inclusion were included in the 2016 Engagement Survey with followup focus groups to discuss matters raised. We are committed to responding swiftly and appropriately whenever action is required. The Group has a clearly defined diversity policy which is reflected in our recruitment processes support of flexible working and our equal opportunities policy. The Group is aware of the Governments recommendations on gender diversity and HM Treasurys Women in Finance Charter. At 31 March 2017 women represented Charles Stanley Annual report and accounts 2017 charlesstanley.co.uk 85 Financial statements Strategic report Governance Payments to former Directors As disclosed in last years Directors remuneration report Anthony Scott resigned as a Director on 18 April 2016 and continued in the Companys employment until 15 October 2016. The following approach was adopted in relation to Anthony Scotts departure Anthony received salary pension and benefits totalling 174680 until his departure date of 15 October 2016 at which point all such payments ceased Anthony also received the last payment under a legacy profit sharing arrangement relating to his previous role as an active investment manager prior to joining the Board Anthony has not received a bonus under the 2017 Annual Bonus Anthony was provided with outplacement support to the value of 5600 The PSP awards held by Anthony will vest on a prorated basis on the normal vesting dates based on performance against the EPS and margin targets. Mike Lilwall decided to step down from the Board on 23 November 2016. He remains an employee of the Group and received no compensation for loss of office. However as per the treatment agreed for Executive Directors who are deemed good leavers he was awarded 35000 gross being the prorated bonus sum this is to be paid in June 2017. The Directors are not permitted to hold their shares in hedging arrangements or as collateral for loans without the express permission of the Board. No Director has entered into any such arrangements. Approval This report by over 400 professionals located in 24 of ces throughout the UK both direct to clients and to intermediaries. Over the years we have constantly re ned our proposition to meet the changing needs of our clients. Our services include personalised investment portfolio management pooled solutions nancial planning advice and an awardwinning executiononly dealing platform Charles Stanley Direct. Our vision Our vision is to become the UKs leading wealth manager by 2020. We de ne leading in terms of quality rather than quantity. Focusing on client satisfaction as well as staff engagement and equity market rating we measure our progress against these targets yearonyear. Two years into our vision positive transformation across the business sees us on track to achieving this. Our values Charles Stanleys core values Caring Fair and Progressive have provided an overarching framework within which we operate supporting our underlying strategy to always work in our clients best interests and offer a truly personal service.