 We commended the Government when it confirmed that it would repeal this measure. It is therefore of great concern that through an amendment to the Data Protection Bill currently making its way through Parliament that the House of Lords has sought to reintroduce the same penal measures. Our papers are seeking to draw the impact that this will have on papers of all sizes to the attention of our readers and asking them to engage with their elected representatives to address this issue. On a more positive note recruitment is underway for 31 local democracy reporters following an innovative deal between the News Media Association NMA and the BBC which will see 150 journalists employed across the industry to cover local democracy reporting. In February 2018 the Department for Culture Media and Sport announced a review to preserve the future of high quality national and local newspapers in the United Kingdom. At a time when more people are recognising the value of trusted and verified news sources we welcome the review and will support the NMA in its engagement with the panel of experts to be appointed to conduct the review. On 12 March 2018 it was announced that Ashley Highfield had been appointed to this advisory panel. 7 Johnston Press plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial Statements Directors Governance Strategic 8154. Fo llo wing their victoryt he men s team congregated ar ound Anderson 27 wh ile ab em us ed Jones 28 watched fr om besi de the court.T he men then parted to reveal Anderson do wn on one kn ee holding up an engagement r i ng. It wou ld be pretty emba rr assing to get a no at that st age in the game Jones sa id yes after reco vering fr om the shock. She sa id she had no id ea her boyfriend was planning to pr opose at the champ ionsh ips ta ki ng place on the Gold CoastinA ustr al ia and had thought she was just getting her pi cture ta ken besi de the court. Whyt here We both worked so hardf or th is opportunity to be here the BBC reported Anderson as sa ying. Basketball is av ery bigp art of our rel ationsh ip so it just made sense. Lucky none of hist eamm ates spil led the bean s They di dn t ha ve the opportunity. I onlyt old them just nowA nderson sa id. Th ey initiated the plan reallyw ell so that went perfectly. He added Its been on my mind fora wh ile so nowI can just play basketball. It looks as if th is is becom ing ab it of at rend During the 2016 RioOly mp ic Games Will Clay e an American tr ack and eld athlete material impact on the Groups operations and its ability to continue as a going concern. The Groups debt comprises a 220m high yield bond maturing on 1 June 2019. It is not subject to any maintenance covenants. High Increased The Group is exploring options for the restructuring or refinancing of the Bonds prior to their maturity in June 2019 refer to the Viability Statement on page 46. High 2. PRINTBASED REVENUES Print advertising and circulation revenues continue to decline at current levels or accelerate further. There are continued threats to printbased revenues including from competition threats in many markets and from changing technology and consumer habits business change reducing customer numbers circulations and paginations. Increased uncertainty for businesses continues following the referendum result in 2016 to leave the European Union. High Increased The Group continues to develop its digital advertising offering through partnerships mobile apps and new digitalbased products and new websites. It has invested in and reorganised its sales function to ensure a more proactive and effective approach and that the sales offering is fully understood by sales staff and appropriate for customer needs. High 3. NEW REVENUE STREAMS Digital revenues decline or do not grow at the rate needed to offset print decline over the short to medium term. The impact of dominant market players particularly Facebook and Google have contributed to a slowdown in the growth of digital advertising. Increased mobile usage has eroded margins. There is a need to respond quickly to evolving consumer demands. High making tangible improvements within their teams on the back of the survey findings and we will continue to build on this in 2018. We always aim to take a transparent approach to internal communications and engagement including within our Editorial and Commercial transformation programmes. Key priorities included identifying and developing leadership talent at all levels and succession planning. 34 Johnston Press plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Our expectations in terms of managers and employees behaviour and standards are set out in our Value Statements Personnel Policies and Procedures Employee Handbook Codes of Conduct and Contracts of Employment. Our grievance and whistleblowing procedures allow any employee to report behaviour that is contrary to our policies or is in any way of concern to them and we communicated the support available around whistleblowing periodically throughout the year. We recognise a number of trade unions at an operating company level and remain committed to communication and consultation with our employees during times of change. A diverse workforce adds clear value for our employees customers shareholders and the communities we serve and we fully support the principle of equal opportunity for all. Our Disability Access policy is included in our Personnel Policies and Procedures manual. As part of our ongoing Health and Safety audits and property maintenance programmes we seek to provide suitable access and working environments to ensure that we do not discriminate against disabled employees or customers.