 It is not enough to simply create content for broadcast content must also be made for online audiences whether that is live streamed or uploaded as second screen content and more bonded cellular broadcasts are using products such as Teradeks Bond. As part of the US broadcast spectrum incentive auction the Federal Communications Commission was authorised to repack the television bandwidth by assigning television stations to new channels. This process has posed significant challenges and delays for the broadcast industry as television stations will need to complete channel moves. This project has led to unexpected additional capital investments in core transmission technologies and has led to some uncertainty by US broadcasters and impacted investment in other broadcast technology including Vitecs US studio products from our Production Solutions Division. Sales of photographic cameras with interchangeable lenses We are seeing more stability in the interchangeable lens cameras market driven by the popularity of mirrorless cameras and their combined photovideo high resolution recording capabilities. The continued upgrade in sensors and overall specifications of latest generation compact system cameras is also driving a growing adoption of this format by advanced consumers and professionals alike. In addition the average price of a photographic camera is increasing as consumers demand premium camera models to differentiate from images captured on their smartphones. The camera accessories market reflects this trend with increased demand for SmallHD monitors Manfrotto high performance to make absolutely no noise the Vinten FHR35 remote head was the only combination we could find that offered this. Robert Zimmermann MD Berlin Phil Media Cinematographers for films When you have 700800 people on the set of ThorRagnarok there cant be any delays so we need everything to be working guaranteed every time. In the thousands of hours weve spent on set using it on our drones the Teradek Bolt 3000 has never failed us once. Weve tested other products out there before but Teradek is truly the brand big productions expect to see on set. Stephen Oh CEO and Producer XM2 Its one of my most reliable pieces of support equipment. Everybody is familiar with the head the crew are used to OConnor as it is the industry standard a nice easy bit of kit that people know well. Ben Wilson ACO Camera Operator for Game of Thrones Our customers Before youd need a whole broadcast truck with expensive camera equipment to stream live. Now theres the Teradek VidiU Pro which lets you achieve that same quality of broadcast and all you need is an internet connection and a camera. Its incredible. Sean Kurdziolek Founder Portraits and Gallery The JOBY GorillaPod Mobile Rig is the most versatile and simplistic creation tool in existence. Its light durable allinone capability makes it the perfect companion tool for daytoday travel needs. Having the strength to handle heavier phones with lens adapters and arms for microphones cameras and lights make this an have and its so lightweight you can hardly feel the difference when youve mounted it on your camera setup. It is always in my gear bag. Zach Lower DITDirector of Photography As a Steadicam Operator with over 20 years experience Im always on the lookout for reliable daylight viewable monitors. The SmallHD 703 Ultra Bright is an amazingly lightweight durable monitor with enough horse power to be seen in the harshest of daylight conditions. Alec Jarnagin SOC Director of Photography If were filming in a room with tight spaces instead of the director coming into the room and interfering he could just watch from his phone outside. We wouldnt be able to do that without Teradeks Serv Pros. The freedom they give us means were always ready to shoot and for a documentary on student athletes for Netflix capturing in the moment is what were all about. Terry Zumalt Director of Photography The Bolt 3000 allows me to have cable free monitoring on all my shots that often could not be viewed via a traditional cable connection because of camera set up. It also gives me freedom of movement to move around the set or location and view images privately giving me the head space I need to create the shot. Brett Danton Director From a rental house perspective Wooden Camera always finds a way to make our lives easier by creating intelligent and durable products that seamlessly integrate with every camera system we have in our inventory. They hold and Diversity Policies all critical aspects of the Companys ethical approach to business. In 2017 we issued for the first time our Statement on the UKs Modern Slavery Act 2015 which confirms our zerotolerance approach to ensure our supply chain is free from slavery and human trafficking. In terms of our strategic approach to corporate responsibility we look for opportunities to invest in projects where the power of images specifically or the creative arts more generally can be used to positively impact the communities and environment in which we operate. In particular we aim to support those projects which enable the young or underprivileged to learn new skills to improve their own lives and forge their careers. The Vitec Mindset We have a clear purpose that is supported by five values namely Enabling the capture and sharing of exceptional images Exceptional product performance We set the highest standards of technical performance Customer focus We are nothing without our customers Leading a fast changing market We apply our creativity and harness our diversity to engineer innovative new products and solutions Global capability We share knowledge pool resources test ideas and learn from each other Transparency integrity respect We hold to the highest professional and corporate standards In the past year a number of key activities have taken place around Vitec which have demonstrated these values. Our Imaging Solutions Divisions Picture of Life Programme offers disenfranchised young people the chance to learn professional photography skills.