 Portfolio of brands and products Software Communications Data Energy Marketing Finance PROPERTY COMPARISON www.zpg.co.uk 05 Strategic report A unique investment opportunity Our key differentiators 1 Worldclass team with proven track record of innovation and execution 2 Marketleading brands with strong awareness and engagement 3 Underlying structural growth creating significant upside opportunities 4 Successful MA strategy supporting strong organic growth 5 Enhanced revenue diversity with multichannel strategy 6 Exciting crosssell opportunity across consumers and partners 7 Strong margin leverage with excellent cash generationconversion 8 Outstanding returns balanced with investment in growth With a welldiversified revenue profile Source 2017 pro forma revenues. The figures include a full twelve months trading from TechnicWeb Hometrack ExpertAgent Ravensworth and Money in order to give a more meaningful comparative. COMPARISON PROPERTY Marketing 32 Energy 22 Communications 16 Software 8 Finance 14 Data 8 A multibrand multichannel approach 06 ZPG Plc Annual Report 2017 Dear Shareholders We have expanded considerably over the past 12 months as a result of strong underlying growth and the announcement of five new acquisitions and two new strategic partnerships. We saw strong performance in our Property division driven by a continuation of returning portal partners strong demand for our upsell products and further migration of our software partners to cloudbased products. Our Comparison division also traded well reaching a new milestone of over 1 million energy switches in a 12 month period and within the Communications vertical. As a backdrop to this year we saw exceptionally strong switching volumes in both the Energy and Communications verticals in 2016 from our marketleading collective switches energy supplier price cuts and strong competition amongst communications suppliers. 1 The total number of unique Property partners has been restated to exclude 788 legacy software customers of Property Software Group who are not paying for an active support contract and to include Zoopla Advertising and Data partners. I would like to welcome the teams from T echnicWeb Hometrack ExpertAgent Ravensworth and Money to the ZPG family and thank the entire team for their continued commitment to our mission. Strategic report www.zpg.co.uk 11 In September 2017 the CMA published its final report as part of its market study into Digital Comparison Tools DCTs which highlighted how comparison services are putting power into the hands of the consumer and driving increased competition highlighting the ongoing regulatory support for the role of DCTs. Our talent We grew our team by 20 over the Period from 735 to 882 staff members as a result of both organic growth and strategic acquisitions. We remain passionate about being a marketleading employer and providing a worldclass environment and continue to place significant emphasis on employee engagement and wellbeing by investing in marketleading benefits. Our London headquarters was recently named One of the coolest offices in Britain by Glassdoor. Read more about how we put people at the heart of ZPG on page 42 Looking ahead We a mobile device daily. Increasingly time poor and data hungry With one in two British adults stating that they have little to no free time there is increased demand for services which help simplify our daily activities saving time and money. What we do ZPG delivers transparency and empowers smarter household decisions by providing consumers with a freetouse platform tools and insights. Consumers are able to interact with ZPGs home related partners to find a home plan their move and optimise their running costs in just a matter of minutes. Brands Zoopla PrimeLocation uSwitch and Money. CONSUMERS PARTNERS Our strategy creates a unique opportunity in markets with significant structural growth drivers. The property lifecycle spans two main markets Property and Comparison. Although each market has its own unique drivers they are inextricably linked by the consumers and partners that depend on them throughout the cycle. End markets www.zpg.co.uk 19 Strategic report MARKETING Key drivers Transaction volumes and printtodigital shift Total property commission earned by professionals including both sales and lettings is the main driver behind the total amount spent on property marketing. Property professionals advertise via a variety of channels including property portals their own websites and print media in order to build their brand sell and let existing inventory and win new business. The hyperlocal and highly competitive nature of estate agency underpins longterm demand for marketing services. In addition the proportion spent on digital marketing continues to grow as property professionals recognise the increased efficacy of marketing online awareness training to all people managers which will include a learning lunch with experts from Google this November as part of our twiceannual Wellness Week. In relation to employee involvement we undertake employee surveys twice a year. The results are carefully analysed reviewed and where appropriate actions are taken following discussions with our colleagues. We hold monthly Ask Alex sessions where all employees can get answers to any specific workrelated queries they might have. We also hold weekly Ask HR sessions where colleagues can drop by at our surgeries with members of the HR team to discuss any personal matters to talk about benefits to answer questions or just to have a chat. Supporting our local communities We recognise the importance of giving something back to our communities whether that is through supporting local businesses with regular custom in exchange for employee discounts or through donating our time to helping others. And we encourage all colleagues to donate their valuable time by giving them a day off every year to volunteer for any charity of their choice or do a good deed for any nonprofit organisation like schools and hospitals. It also covers donating blood. ZPGs 2017 Tough Mudder team 1 www.zpg.co.uk 45 Strategic report ALFIE TRAISH THE APPRENTICE Just as ZPG has grown from the fledgling business it was 10 years ago we are keen for our people to grow with us too. And in June this year we employed our first ever apprentice Alfie Traish.