 Q Which qualities differentiate Hammersons shopping destinations from the competition A We believe the key to winning in retail property is to own and manage destinations which excel against each of our six unique areas of focus set out on page 3 of the Report. By applying a rigorous approach to this Product Framework we ensure that our shopping centres and retail parks bring together the best in physical and digital retailing to offer consumers the most enjoyable shopping experience. Q What are the business priorities and outlook for 2015 A Planning for and the development of major retail schemes in Leeds and London will continue to be a focus for the team in 2015. Including Croydon and Brent Cross these projects will deliver over 400000m 2 of new retail space over the coming years. Our plans to redevelop the Whitgift Centre and Centrale in partnership with Westfield moved a step closer when the outline application for the development was formally consented in February 2014. Our strategic focus on the luxury sector will continue in 2015 as we look to increase our exposure to premium outlets alongside our partners in the VIA Outlets venture. OUTLOOK The recovery in UK consumer sentiment has continued to strengthen as economic indicators have improved. With diverse regional exposure through our portfolio of prime retailing destinations I as enhanced customer and community relationships. It is this approach that is now unlocking commercial opportunities for the ultimate benefit of Hammersons shareholders. Charts 7 8 and 9 show our performance in carbon water and waste management. Further information is available on pages 2830. 26 Hammerson plc Annual Report 2014 OUR RESPONSE Building on these findings we have developed an ambitious set of new sustainability targets designed to take the business to a new level in terms of sustainability leadership. The targets are arranged under seven key themes drawn from the findings of the materiality study. Lead challenge The transition to a sustainable business model requires leaders to challenge current practice. We aim to lead the way working with our retailers communities and suppliers to change the status quo. Key target areas will be whole life costing the links between sustainability value and risk and understanding the carbon footprint of our business. Protect enhance We recognise our responsibility to protect the environment by minimising our resource consumption but also to enhance it through restorative projects and renewables. Key targets include 20 reduction in our likeforlike CO 2 emissions by 2020 and installing 2mWh of renewable capacity across the portfolio. Monitor evolve Measurement monitoring and transparency are key to progress. We will publish annual targets that support our fiveyear targets and continue to report our progress annually. Our internal governance structure will support the evolution of our approach to sustainability as our teams learn from each other our stakeholders and our c. 1 billion portfolio. In addition to building up the portfolio the focus in 2015 will be on improving the performance of the outlet centres by changing the tenant mix enhancing the leisure and food offers rightsizing some of the units creating flagship units for key brands and targeted marketing to increase tourist visits. Hammerson intends to contribute personnel and expertise to VIA to support this strategy. Page 53 of the Financial Review provides further information on how our investments in Value Retail and VIA Outlets have impacted the Groups financial performance during 2014. 44 Hammerson plc Annual Report 2014 Adapting to retail in a multichannel age Consumers are increasingly considered in their approach to shopping. They have more choices than ever before and are using multiple channels to research buy and complete their purchases. Retailers are adapting their offer to react to these changes. We are working to a tightly defined strategy to ensure that our product offer of proactively managed outstanding retail space meets the demands of both consumers and retailers. We actively rotate tenants to ensure the retail offer is optimised and enlivened at each location. Our strategy also recognises the need for superb customer service and facilities that make shopping easy more convenient and enjoyable throughout the day. Our catering and leisure offers accessible parking customer information and worldclass facilities are constantly refined and improved. In 2014 we launched a click collect service at Brent Cross in partnership with Collect which is already performing very strongly hedging of the value of and income from our eurodenominated portfolio a good spread of debt maturities and the flexibility to phase or halt our development programme all point to resilience to market shocks. We monitor closely developments in multichannel retailing and introduce innovative new concepts to our portfolio when appropriate. Chief Executives report page 4 Our markets page 7 Business review page 40 Financial review page 51 The UK economy has seen accelerated growth although the recovery in the eurozone has been subdued with further monetary stimulus expected in 2015. Stock markets have performed strongly despite potential uncertainty associated with forthcoming elections. But downside risks remain especially given recent election results in Greece. Retailers are becoming more confident in their outlook but must ensure that their sales channels remain relevant in the digital age and provide consumers with the flexibility and convenience they require. Real estate remains a cornerstone of their plans. Property and corporate investment Investment decisions result in inadequate returns or the adoption of unforeseen liabilities. Opportunities to divest of properties are missed or limited by market constraints reducing potential returns. Related strategic priorities 1 3 Acquisitions are thoroughly evaluated supported by detailed review financial appraisals due diligence and detailed risk assessment prior to Board approval. The performance of individual properties is benchmarked against target returns. Properties are held in a ready for sale state with documentation supporting leases rights and obligations readily accessible.