 Providing quality popular journalism has resulted in circulation outperformance. In addition an unparalleled crossmedia advertising proposition in print and digital formats across the Mail and Metro titles has benefited performance. While print advertising continues its secular decline MailOnline continues to win audiences across each platform it partners with delivering strong levels of digital advertising growth. In our B2B businesses the requirement to have fully integrated data analytic solutions has become an increasing priority across all industries and our operations are already at the forefront of this trend. A major milestone was reached this year with the launch of Risk Modeler on the RMSone platform DMGTs first truly enterprise class solution. This was achieved alongside the release of an unprecedented number of new risk models. Our Education Technology EdTech business Hobsons is bringing predictive analytics and improvements to the customer experience across its Naviance Starfish and Intersect platforms. Our European property information businesses are using their modelling expertise with large data sets to launch new products which will enable faster decisionmaking in the insurance and banking sectors. Continued investment in our events business has supported a strong launch programme where innovative organic growth is being pursued internationally. Beyond operational execution and enhancing financial flexibility one of the main considerations of the Board is to ensure our portfolio is in optimal shape to harness market growth dynamics as well as withstand market volatility. During the year DMGT unlocked significant value by reducing its holding in Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC Euromoney to around 49. DMGT has benefited from the resilience provided by its diversified portfolio during continued challenging market conditions. The Viscount Rothermere Chairman 2 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report This has also given Euromoney the financial flexibility to pursue its own strategy. Refocusing and disposals within our Consumer Media and B2B divisions have enabled us to focus on the most attractive growth opportunities. Going forward although we recognise the benefits of spreading risk across a diversified portfolio there are clear advantages to operating in fewer sectors especially in terms of resource allocation and our ability to expand our market shares in the most attractive sectors. Read more in CEO Review pages 10 to 13 The implementation of our Group strategy is overseen by the Board of Directors which maintains the high standards of governance our shareholders expect. The Governance Report sets out the framework for operating performance and shareholder value that is central to the growth of DMGT. I am pleased that Tim Collier joined as the Group Chief Financial Officer during the year. Tims prior experience working for portfolio companies in B2B information events and media sectors with a significant US presence is aligned with DMGTs businesses and overall Group focus. I am confident he will help to lead DMGT to further success. I would like to thank our NonExecutive Directors for their contribution over the past year with the Group benefiting from their skills and experience at both an individual business and Board level and Group Head of MA alongside the external appointment of a new Group CFO. Among our businesses we also made a number of senior appointments including new Presidents CEOs and Chief Operating Officers supplementing internal talent with external hires to broaden the industry expertise within the Group. We have reduced the complexity of the management structure in the B2B portfolio bringing the individual operating companies closer to the central management team. Above all our aim has been to give each company the resources they require to fulfil their strategic ambitions whilst supporting the extraordinary entrepreneurial spirit and talent that drives our success. In addition we have increased our focus on nurturing and developing rising talent as well as bolstering skills critical for our future such as technology customer solutions and data science capabilities. From a business perspective the operational improvements have driven significant progress in three particular areas. Firstly RMS executed the successful launch and rollout of the Risk Modeler application on RMSone the new platform for digitising risk for the insurance industry. RMS also delivered RiskLink17 and an unprecedented array of modelling solutions with major updates to its core models and the release of several entirely new models. With the gradual client migration to RMSone and continued strong model development RMS is poised to deliver good longterm growth and returns in support of the Insurance Risk sectors digital transformation. FY 2017 saw a major focus on strengthening our management teams enhancing our performance management system and eliminating red tape studentfacing components of Naviance. Naviance was also successfully transitioned to a cloud computing platform during the year. A new centralised modern platform for Intersect was built. Two new products were delivered on the platform and progress is underway to incorporate all existing matching products into the new platform. In July 2017 Hobsons released Starfish 7 which includes predictive analytics based on the research and methodologies developed by PAR Framework a business acquired in 2016 that will deliver useful data to advisers and institutional leadership teams. This product is expected to help support the continued growth of this earlystage business. A major project to upgrade the sales force was also undertaken. A more structured focused and datadriven approach has been adopted to enhance team capabilities and better profile and target customers. Priorities in the year ahead FY 2018 will be another year of transition for Hobsons as it continues to refocus and strengthen its highvalue highgrowth core products and services. Operational improvements are expected to flow through as the cost base is streamlined and an agile methodology is adopted across core internal processes. Hobsons will continue with its longterm objective to become the trusted partner for institutions and communities using digital solutions to drive student success. Go online to read the EdT ech case studies www.dmgt.com Energy Information Revenue 88m Business model Genscape delivers innovative solutions to improve market transparency and efficiency across several asset classes including oil power natural gas and liquid natural gas agriculture maritime and renewables.