 We have manufacturing sites across the world including the USA Germany India China Malaysia and Australia in addition to local service capabilities in a number of other markets. We operate at the leading edge of technology with innovative products designed to meet customers exacting standards. Our vast range of roller chains means that for most requirements there is a Renold solution. Our premier brand Renold Synergy offers unbeatable wear and fatigue performance whilst our all purpose range of standard chain provides affordable reliability. Continuous research development innovation and ingenuity has led to the production of more specialised solutions such as Hydro Service with its superior corrosionresistant coating and the Syno range which sets a new benchmark for chains requiring little or no lubrication. Conveyor chain applications including theme park rides water treatment plants cement mills agricultural machinery mining and sugar production all rely on the highspecification materials and processes used by Renold. Renold is also a market leader in leaf chain used in many of the forklift trucks produced worldwide. Our high specification Tooth Chain sometimes known as silent chain produces a wide range of inverted Tooth Chain for drives and for conveying applications. Offering a high degree of economic efficiency and reliability Tooth Chain applications are wide ranging and include glass production and automobile assembly lines. Torque Transmission A global market leading manufacturer and developer of coupling and gearbox solutions from year and there was a return to revenue growth in the second half of the year along with an increase in order intake. Although there are some early indications of improvement macroeconomic uncertainty remains and in turbulent times our STEP 2020 Strategic Plan remains relevant and critical to the long term delivery of value to all of our stakeholders. Actions already delivered as part of the plan will combine with ongoing programmes to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. The Group is positioned for organic growth and we continue to believe that midteens operating margins and sustainable gains in adjusted earnings per share can be delivered when volumes improve through organic growth and acquisitions. Robert Purcell Chief Executive 30 May 2017 PICTURED ARCHITECTS DRAWING OF NEW CHINESE FACILITY. www.renold.com Stock code RNO 25 STRA TEGIC REPORT Renold AR2017Proof3.indd 25 672017 25815 PM 2529004 AR 2017 Proof 3 OUR PERFORMANCE Chain Renold Chain is a global market leading supplier of differentiated and value added chain products for a wide variety of markets and a myriad of end use applications. We create innovative solutions for our customers who need to ensure performance within increasingly challenging working environments. The Renold name is known for industry leading design and specification high quality and exceptional service and technical support. Reducing overall cost of ownership is important to our customers with extended product life and reduced maintenance key factors in specifying our products. Chain performance review Underlying revenue of 146.1m was 3.1m 2.2 27 STRA TEGIC REPORT 27 www.renold.com Stock code RNO Renold AR2017Proof3.indd 27 672017 25824 PM Renold Synergy chain has long been known for industrial applications where its ability to outperform its closest competitors has seen it leading the market. What is less well known is that the same cuttingedge chain technology platform on which Synergy was built has been helping the Great Britain Cycling team to achieve world and Olympic success RENOLD ENABLES PEAK PERFORMANCE 2529004 AR 2017 Proof 3 OUR PERFORMANCE Chain How it all started Way back in 1880 when the few cyclists on the roads were more than likely riding high on a Penny Farthing young engineer Hans Renold achieved a significant technical breakthrough when he invented the bush roller chain. This innovative chain technology solved many problems inherent in existing solutions and brought a new level of performance efficiency and flexibility to the transmission of mechanical power. Renolds fledgling business grew steadily providing power transmission chains to the industrial applications of the day. What this new technology really needed however was a mass market application. Enter John Kemp Starley who in 1885 brought to market his safety bicycle. The Rover bicycle included many ground breaking features including the use of chain to drive the rear wheel. This synergy of technology and application proved a perfect match and resulted in the rapid growth of both bicycle and roller chain industries. Pedal forward 130 years and the bicycle has been transformed stronger lighter and capable of incredible performance Museums cultural calendar bringing science to life for people of all ages is the eleven day Manchester Science Festival which takes place across the city. Each October it attracts the best scientists from Manchester and beyond to showcase current research and promote the regions rich heritage of innovation. As a supporter the Company provides financial support to enable the Museum to deliver a programme of exciting events exhibitions talks and performances. In 2016 the Festival celebrated its ten year anniversary and set a new visitor record. Renold plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 for the year ended 31 March 2017 54 Renold AR2017Proof3.indd 54 672017 30107 PM 2529004 AR 2017 Proof 3 Notes 1 Scope 1 emissions are from those direct sources that are owned by the Group e.g. from direct combustion of natural gas within our facilities boilers and heaters. Fugitive gases are not included. 2 Scope 2 emissions comprise those emissions for which the Group is indirectly responsible excluding transmission and distribution losses e.g. from the electricity we purchase to operate machinery or equipment. An amendment made during 2015 to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol incorporates two calculation methodologies for scope 2 emissions. There are no contractual instruments in place for the purchase of renewable energy. Hence we report the same figure when applying the market and location based methodologies.