 On 1 July 2016 we completed the acquisition of USP a leading provider of home assistance services for a net cash outflow of 72.6m 54.5m. Like our existing business USP operates an affinity partner model and it is also the exclusive home warranty partner of the National League of Cities NLC an organisation that advocates to around 19000 towns and cities covering 66m municipal households in the USA. The NLC relationship is a strong endorsement with smaller municipals. We have streamlined Rapid progress adding 18m affinity partner households to reach 50m Record new partner signings adding 100 partners Significant customer growth up 28 to 3.0m Integration of USP on track to deliver 15m EBITDA in FY18. Strategic report 22 website enabling more effective digital marketing with a 55 increase in the number of new customers joining online. Retention remains strong at 82 FY16 82. Good customer service is central to the business and we have invested in technology across the claims process to improve the customer journey. We now deploy over 80 of all contractor jobs directly to technicians mobile devices. Going forward we expect to make further investment in claims technology to enhance the customer experience and to drive operational efficiency. Our network of 151 directlyemployed engineers FY16 152 and almost 1100 subcontractors FY16 1000 carried out Our strategic plan is focused on our core policy business developing marketing and selling policies in partnership with utilities municipals and membership organisations. We have invested in building an experienced business maintain relationships with a number of underwriters who are willing and able to underwrite our business and regularly review the market to ensure we understand current market conditions how these apply to our policies and how we can mitigate the loss of an existing underwriter. We continue to review our underwriting relationships on a regular basis to ensure they provide the best returns for customers and shareholders. In the UK Aviva continues to be our principal underwriter and commenced underwriting new business in November 2015. Having secured a second underwriter in North America last year during FY17 we agreed terms with second underwriters in France and Spain. 47 Annual Report Accounts 2017 Risk Description Impact Mitigation Change since 2016 Annual Report Dependence on recruitment and retention of skilled personnel Our ability to meet growth expectations and compete effectively is in part dependent on the skills experience and performance of our personnel. The inability to attract motivate or retain key talent could impact on our overall business performance. Our employment policies remuneration and benefits packages and longterm incentives are regularly reviewed and designed to be competitive with other companies. Employee surveys performance reviews and regular communication of business activities are just some of the methods used to understand and respond to employees views and needs. Processes are in place to identify high performing individuals and to ensure that they have fulfilling careers and we are managing succession planning effectively. A People Committee comprised of a number of the NonExecutive Directors and night in Birmingham. Since the start of the partnership over 14000 meals have been served at the open kitchens. In the US just over 70000 has been contributed to local community charitable organisations and another 77000 to customers in need. Initiatives included The HomeServe Helping Hands programme where charitable assistance is provided to employees whose personal circumstances present signicant challenges Corporate responsibility 58 Environment Health Safety Health safety wellbeing and environmental guardianship remain central to everything we do. All our businesses comply with ten guiding principles for occupational health and safety and for environmental management. We focus on safe working environments developing motivated and supported employees and we strive for zero workrelated injuries and illnesses. In FY17 we engaged a specialist supplier to complete a Group wide audit and a plan has been put in place to implement the actions arising from that activity. As part of this we intend to enhance our reporting and controls in line with recommended HSE best practice and to encourage cross business learning. The Charitable Pitch Campaign which provides HomeServe employees with the chance to pitch their ideas for charities it gives invaluable insight into the personal lives of our employees and gives a tremendous pipeline of worthy social causes. In FY17 we contributed 45000 to key charities Red Rover Foundation American Cancer Society Humane Society Best Buddies Disabled Children and CT Advocates of Southwest Connecticut HomeServe Cares and Goodwill Jobs where we assist customers with repairs that they could otherwise not aord. During value of the vested shares must continue to be held. The dividend roll up on unexercised nil cost options will continue until ve years from grant. This ve year view provides a longerterm perspective to the incentive programme than the three year performance period. Clawback The Committee has the power to reclaim some or all of a cash bonus and vested LTIP awards performance and matching in exceptional circumstances such as misstatement of nancial results an error in assessment of performance the use of misleading information andor gross misconduct on the part of the individual. Pensions Richard Harpin participates on a noncontributory basis in a funded HMRC approved occupational dened benet scheme with benets limited to a notional capped salary which is closed to new members. An unapproved pension contribution is paid in respect of basic salary above the cap. The main features of the scheme are pension at normal retirement age of onehalf of nal pensionable salary and a tax free lump sum of one and a half times nal pensionable salary on completion of 40 years service at an accrual rate of 80ths plus 380ths cash life assurance of ve times basic salary pension payable in the event of ill health and spouses pension on death normal retirement at age 60. Remuneration report continued 89 Annual Report Accounts 2017 Shareholding guidelines It is the Boards policy that Directors build up and retain a minimum shareholding in the Company.