 In SUSE our investments in OpenStack Cloud Infrastructure and Softwaredened Distributed Storage are also clear examples. Growth Drivers and Core this represents the majority of our revenue and investment focus. We look to identify critical technologies that have delivered signicant value for customers and where the costs and risks of replacement or rewrite are high and the returns from such activities are questionable. We determine how to enable these technologies for the latest IT innovations whether new operating environments such as Linux OpenStack JAVA or .NET or new use cases such as the cloud or mobile. For example Visual COBOL enables customers to take COBOL applications forward with condence into the next phase of IT industry innovation specically cloud and mobile whilst protecting their investments in business logic and data built up through prior investments. Security is a major focus area for customers as they seek to balance being open and accessible to their customers with the need to protect condential data and intellectual property. Through our suite of identity access and security solutions we offer industry leading capabilities to help customers nd this balance. These capabilities span multiple portfolios and signicant opportunities for leverage and cross portfolio synergies exist. Optimize as the I.T. landscape shifts in response to new opportunities or challenges some technologies require repositioning or to be refocused to identify and exploit remaining or new growth potential. This requires much more granular analysis and targeted investment. Our model forces this discipline. Inevitably some technologies eventually approach end of life as some customers replace them with new solutions. For the remaining customers they still represent signicant value. Our approach is to continue to offer exible commercial and support models to enable customer access to the intellectual property and capabilities of these technologies for extended periods again ensuring protection of customer investment for as long as possible technically and commercially. Within this overall portfolio we have some products that are growing signicantly and others that are stable or in decline. Our business model means the way we manage the portfolio is analogous to a fund of funds with the objective of generating moderate growth over the mediumterm delivering high levels of protability and strong cash generation and cash conversion ratio with a balanced portfolio approach. We will continue to focus investment in growth and core products and will not dispose of declining products unless we can achieve greater than the discounted cash ow they would generate in our ownership. In addition to strengthening and developing our strong franchises across the product portfolio we are uniquely positioned to help customers solve key challenges as they seek to be more effective more competitive and more efcient. Decades of technology innovation has opened up tremendous opportunities for companies in almost every market but typically this has resulted in very complex IT environments. Most organizations operate infrastructure and applications which have emerged over time often years apart such that We aim to increase sales productivity and predictability further by continuing to simplify the underlying processes and systems we use to run the business and improve customer insight by generating closer interaction between Sales and Marketing Product Management and Product Development. All of which is key to effective operation today and faster integration with HPE Software in the future. Micro Focus Product Portfolio Details of our ve sub portfolios are provided below. COBOL Development Mainframe Solutions CDMS 19.2 of FY17 Group revenues 2016 proforma CCY 18.5 We have continued to invest in our core COBOL development CD products that primarily target the offmainframe distributed development market. The CD products enable programmers to develop and deploy applications written in COBOL across multiple platforms including Windows UNIX Linux and the cloud. Visual COBOL provides the fastest way for customers to move enterprise mainframe application workloads partially or wholly to Java Virtual Machine JVM .NET or cloud environments whilst protecting their existing investments and intellectual property. COBOL applications continue to be at the heart of the worlds business transactions and to power the majority of large organizations key business operations. Maintaining our leadership position in CD is at the core of our value proposition. By embedding our products in industry standard development environments specically Visual Studio and Eclipse we have addressed the perceived skill issues and expect that COBOL will provide a stable base and strong cash ow for the Group over the coming decades. Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Consolidated nancial statements and properly equipped. Due to the multifarious and complex nature of the user and system endpoints within todays large organizations this can be a burdensome and costly undertaking and accordingly the toolset is both broad and deep. The capabilities include service desk application virtualization asset management conguration management software distribution full disk encryption mobile device management and patch management. We offer a very broad set of solutions and capabilities for customers. Our focus is on delivering the targeted innovation our customers need as they seek to solve complex real world and ever changing challenges in building operating and securing complex IT applications and infrastructure. Collaboration Networking 10.5 of FY17 Group revenues 2016 proforma CCY 11.3 Our collaboration products enable organizations to build and operate work environments that are more secure and easier to manage regardless of how or where people work. The products form a complete collaboration solution that has long been praised by customers and industry watchers for security and reliability. Key capabilities include email calendaring instant messaging contact management task management team workspaces with document management and workows. On 30 September 2016 we completed the acquisition of GWAVA Inc. GWAVA a leading provider of email security and enterprise information archiving EIA solutions based in the US Canada and Germany.