 On track to open our new energy plant at Knostrop works in Leeds in 2019. Innovation project to demonstrate the circular economy in practice at Esholt treatment works in Bradford has progressed to detailed feasibility studies. 9 hired onto our apprentice and graduate schemes 23 10.4 electricity needs met through renewable selfgeneration 11.3 307 KT CO 2 e operational carbon emissions 353 Further develop and support our people to meet business and personal needs including a focus on diversity and inclusion. Utilise the new Apprentice Levy to best effect. Continue to enhance our efficient procurement and use of resources to support financial affordability and high standards for workers and environmental protection. Ensuring resilience value and high standards in our global supply chains mitigating volatile and rising resource costs Optimising our processes to remain fit for the future for example delivering our commitments to the Infrastructure Carbon Review. We deliver services to customers at a price they are willing and able to pay while providing investors with returns that attract longterm investment. Find more on pages 41 to 50 Customer bills were the second lowest in the water industry and on average were increased by less than the rate of inflation. Continued increase in the number of people were helping when they struggle to pay their water bill. Close management of expenditure and gearing to ensure financial prudence and to enable a fair return for investors and shareholders. Ongoing programme to restructure indexlinked swaps. 26902 people received financial support to are efficient and effective now and in the future with an industry leading workforce zero waste and a responsible supply chain. Find more on pages 35 to 39 Approach to diversity recognised by securing the National Equality Standard NES and being included in The Times Top 50 Employers for Women. Secured the Asset Management Standard ISO 55001 as part of our ongoing drive to ensure the effectiveness of our infrastructure investment. Renewable energy generation Performance Commitment missed after one of our largest energy units was damaged during the floods of late 2015. Now performing well and energy generation is back on target. On track to open our new energy plant at Knostrop works in Leeds in 2019. Innovation project to demonstrate the circular economy in practice at Esholt treatment works in Bradford has progressed to detailed feasibility studies. 9 hired onto our apprentice and graduate schemes 23 10.4 electricity needs met through renewable selfgeneration 11.3 307 KT CO 2 e operational carbon emissions 353 Further develop and support our people to meet business and personal needs including a focus on diversity and inclusion. Utilise the new Apprentice Levy to best effect. Continue to enhance our efficient procurement and use of resources to support financial affordability and high standards for workers and environmental protection. Ensuring resilience value and high standards in our global supply chains mitigating volatile and rising resource costs Optimising our processes to remain fit for the future for example delivering our commitments to the Infrastructure Carbon Review. We considering the relevant market and industry comparators individual performance responsibilities and experience. To help guide and inform the Remuneration Committee total remuneration is benchmarked periodically against the Water Industry andor Utilities companies of a similar size complexity and geographic scope when determining competitive remuneration levels. The current remuneration package for directors comprises the elements set out in the table below and remains unchanged from that disclosed in the 201516 remuneration report save for references to financial years and the pay scenario figures which have been updated where appropriate. The Remuneration Committee commits to Promoting the maintenance of a robust remuneration policy aligned with the Companys strategic priorities. Ensuring the Boards approved business strategy is supported by the incentive plans in operation. Rewarding the Executive Directors on Company success by linking a significant proportion of their remuneration opportunity to Company performance. Monitoring the ongoing effectiveness of the remuneration policy to ensure that it achieves its aim of attracting motivating and retaining the leaders and talent required to deliver exceptional shareholder and customer value. The following table on pages 85 and 86 sets out each element of reward and how it supports the Companys short and long term strategic objectives. Page 84 Introductions Strategic Report Governance Independent Auditors Report Statutory Financial Statements Board Executive Directors Chief Executive Officer and Chief Finance Officer Component of remuneration Purpose Operation Potential Performance metrics Base salary To provide competitive pay to enable attraction and retention. Basic pay is generally held at or below market median. Level the approved fiveyear business plan which took effect from 201516 and these will be material in determining actual performance and therefore any incentive bonus payable. Page 88 Introductions Strategic Report Governance Independent Auditors Report Statutory Financial Statements Annual incentive plan measures Strategic Theme Measure of company bonus awarded Strong financial foundations 1. EBITDA Kelda 2. EBITDA YW 3. Capital Expenditure 4. ODI Net PenaltyReward 40 Trusted company 1. SIM qualitative out of 5 2. SIM quantitative score 3. Kelda Media score score 4. Employee trust score 12 Water efficient regions 1. Water Supply Interruptions 2. Leakage rolling average Mld 3. Demand Mld 12 Safe water 1. Drinking water quality compliance 2. Lost Time Injury Incident Rate Kelda 3. Lost Time Injury Incident Rate YW 4. Internal Flooding 12 Excellent catchments rivers and coasts 1. Category 1 2 pollution incidents 2. Category 3 pollution incidents 3. No. of WwTWs failing numeric consent 12 Sustainable resources 1. Renewable energy generation GWh 2. Greenhouse gas emissions KT CO 2 e 12 Calendar year measures Excludes exceptional items When determining performance conditions for the longterm incentives the Committee looks to align executive directors pay with overall Company performance and the longerterm interests of our shareholders and customers. LTIP Performance Conditions and targets are set to be stretching but achievable and are reviewed at the start of each cycle based on a number of internal and external reference points. A description of how the plan operates is provided below.