 The Groups conservative capital and debt positions which rank among the strongest in the UK give the Group material balance sheet capacity for further development. FUNDING The Group ensures that its loan assets are financed using appropriately dated and priced funding. It seeks to build a broad and diversified funding mix to underpin the business. LOAN PRICING Paragon prices all new advances and portfolio purchases to be competitive and achieve an appropriate margin over funding costs. Paragon Buytolet 3 months arrears Buytolet industry average 0.45 T otal regulatory capital ratio UK Leverage ratio 18.7 6.6 Retail deposit growth TFS drawings Rating retained 92.9 700.0 million BBB Net interest margin 2.13 1. 2. 3. 4. SUCCESS FACTORS Key factors affecting the Groups ability to maintain and grow profits and enhance shareholder returns 0.08 PAGE 14 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 385 million 93 93 85 EFFICIENT UTILISA TION OF THE GROUPS CAPIT AL BASE Returns increasing whilst maintaining prudent capital ratios. A CUSTOMERFOCUSED CULTURE All the Groups employees share a common culture with a single set of core values. These values fairness integrity respect professionalism teamwork commitment humour and creativity inform the way that we interact with our customers our colleagues and our wider stakeholders. Importantly Paragons employees agree that customers are at the heart of our business and recognise the value of treating customers fairly. COST CONTROL The Group has a low costincome ratio and controls costs carefully to Idem Capital customer survey October November December January February March April May June July August September percent PAGE 19 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts WHA T WE DO The Groups principal source of funding for new lending is its range of savings products offered to UK households. All balances are sourced from the internet and the Group seeks to offer simple understandable products at competitive rates. Other funding for lending is derived from the efficient use of Bank of England funding schemes while securitisation continues to fund much of the back book and may be used tactically in the future. Central funding is provided through corporate and retail bonds. MARKET DYNAMICS The UK household savings market is 1.1 trillion so provides a deep and liquid source for the Groups funding. Costs for this funding remain low. CUSTOMER SA TISFACTION Paragon Bank funds its lending through a range of safe simple and transparent Easy Access Notice and Fixed Term savings accounts. In May 2016 ISAs were added to the range. Our regular survey of new savings customers demonstrates a high level of satisfaction with our products and our online application process. 87 of customers opening a savings account would probably or definitely consider taking out another account. 59 Net promoter score for account opening CENTRAL BANK FUNDING The Group uses facilities provided by the Bank of England under the TFS ILTR and FLS schemes to support lending growth. These schemes provide cost effective funding so working with a recognised industry expert would be preferable to setting up a business. Aviation finance builds on the divisions existing asset finance lending expertise supplemented with productspecific teams joining the business from outside. The first advance in this business was made in the first weeks of the new financial year. Further potential niche markets have been identified which might be addressed through organic development using existing business processes creation of a new separate business line or acquisition in the field. PAGE 30 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts Overall the division has a good platform on which to build and increasing scale will enable a better return to be generated from its resources control framework and investments in systems and aggregate new advances of over 0.5 billion are expected in 2018. A3.2.3 Idem Capital The Groups Idem Capital division includes its acquired consumer finance portfolios together with legacy consumer portfolios originated before the credit crisis. The divisions focus is on acquiring portfolios where it can enhance value through its collections process and access to funding using its analytical skills base which it sees as a core differentiator to identify and evaluate portfolios brought to market. Its principal area of focus over recent years has been on portfolios of UK paying secured and unsecured consumer finance balances. Idem Capital has a strong capability in loan administration and an ability to selfdevelop systems allowing it to respond to regulatory developments and more specialised portfolio requirements. Unlike to conserve energy Promotes recycling by negotiating contracts and providing facilities to enable employees to recycle office waste and other used products Controls business travel by promoting video conferencing between sites when appropriate and provides opportunities for employees to travel to work in various ways such as providing cycle racks Ensures liaison with the local community Ensures that redundant IT equipment is disposed of within current directives regulations WEEE Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment. Ensures that all fluorescent light tubes are disposed of in a safe manner compliant with appropriate regulations Arranges for paper waste products to be recycled securely by third parties The Green Charter is kept under review by the Facilities Team. PAGE 50 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts Environmental initiatives At the Groups Solihull head office a programme to upgrade the lighting is ongoing. LED sensor controlled lighting units are being installed in areas of the site that remain lit all day effectively reducing consumption in infrequently used areas by dimming then lights off after 10 minutes until further movement is detected. The Heating Ventilation and Cooling system HVAC is currently undergoing an enhanced maintenance programme to confirm that all systems interact efficiently and gas and electricity consumption is minimised. The Group has benchmarked its energy consumption data and intends to set initial objectives for overall reduction in energy consumption within the next financial year across all sites.