 The use of TV and social media in our recruitment approach will inevitably attract a broader audience than just our target customer but the proportion of new customers taking credit terms is in line with our expectations. The new Philippines based operation increased our capacity to handle inbound enquiries but we also made substantial improvements to its online systems to make it easier for customers to trade with us and handle any queries they may have without the need to physically contact us. The business navigated through the sharp changes to exchange rates in June 2016 and made further improvements to the way we use our Far East sourcing office. However the combination of increased investment in customer recruitment in Q4 and requiring additional currency at lower than average rates to source goods to support it impacted profit in the year by around 2.0m. Findel Education continued to see challenging market conditions with price competition for the commodity based School brands being particularly intense and leading to a further loss in market share. It did however manage to regain lost customers for its Classroom and Specialist brands. Importantly it completed its warehouse consolidation project on time on budget and without disruption to customers. The Groups underlying cash generation remained strong providing the basis for reinvestment into customer growth and system improvements. However the headline results fell short of our expectations and standard school systems Increase the proportion of goods purchased from the Far East to reduce buying costs Continue with roll out of new websites Continue with expansion of contracts with multi academy trusts to increase customer loyalty Simplify logistics arrangements for 2018 to improve services levels and reduce costs Strategic Report I Express Gifts 10 Findel plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Summary income statement 000 2017 2016 change Product 262240 224880 16.6 Interest 85802 71729 19.6 Services fees 15278 16369 6.7 Revenue 363320 312978 16.1 Cost of sales 180161 154393 16.7 Gross profit 183159 158585 15.5 Trading costs 152727 126838 20.4 Adjusted operating profit 30432 31747 4.1 Product gross margin 31.30 31.34 0.04 Adjusted operating margin 8.4 10.1 1.7 this is an Alternative Performance Measure for which the reconciliation to the equivalent GAAP measure can be found on page 21. Key Investment Features 1. A strong record of increasing the customer base and improving product sales. 2. Ongoing buying and supply chain efficiency improvements help to deliver better value to our customers whilst sustaining margins. 3. Already on a digital transformation with 63 of sales made online. 4. Investment in new systems and a strengthened management team will enable us to offer a broader range of more flexible financial products and grow a sustainable level of financial services income. Express Gifts Express Gifts has delivered strong sales and customer growth against a challenging backdrop. KPIs measuring our progress How it is measured Active customer accounts at the end of through clothing homewares and electricals. It was encouraging to see clothing grow by 44 but it still only represents 28 of total sales presenting a significant opportunity for further growth as we recruit new customers year round through our enhanced clothing offer. It also helps to increase the ordering frequency with our customer base. In the year we highlighted our value through a range of showcase products. These included Tablet 19.99 Personalised Pencils Boyfriend Cardigan The sharp fall in Sterling that followed the Brexit referendum presented a number of challenges to our supply chain. We were relatively well protected on purchases transacted in US although the strong sales performance and the decision to target Spring recruitment required additional stock purchases beyond our original plans. The business has put plans in place to address the foreign exchange headwinds for 201718 but the impact of inflation in the market is anticipated to have an impact on customers spending ability and choices. We are also utilising the expertise of our Far East sourcing office to ensure we have close relationships with suppliers and can source products at a level to maintain our strong value offer. Express Gifts will utilise its flexible business model its exceptional customer value and retail credit proposition to mitigate these uncertain market conditions. Financial Services The majority of our customers open a flexible account that allows them to choose whether to pay for their purchases within 21 days or spread the cost over a number of months. Interest is The main route to market is via printed catalogues and increasingly via web based solutions including multiple websites and e procurement solutions. The School brands GLS A Z and WNW are primarily focused on servicing the basic commodity needs of all educational establishments with products such as stationery janitorial supplies furniture and arts crafts materials. The Classroom brands Hope Education focus on the supply of specialist curriculum and early years teaching aids to Primary School and Nurseries. The Specialist brands Davies Sports Philip Harris Scientific and Learning Development Aids LDA are specialists in their respective fields and focus on both Primary and Secondary school establishments. The Commercial business unit focuses on new business opportunities covering multiple academy groups MATs LEA tenders trade customers and key account customers. Findel Education operates internationally and uses all of its product brand strengths and market leading supply chain to support international schools in the delivery of their educational teaching requirements. The business continues to maintain its strong relationship with Sainsburys PLC having successfully delivered their Active Kids programme for 12 years. Market conditions Schools are typically funded based on an annual sum per pupil which must cover costs such as buildings staff IT utilities and educational resources. Whilst the total sum per pupil has kept pace with inflation we have seen increased pressure in recent years on the educational resources element. In 201617 this was due to increased staff costs driven by mandatory increases in pension and NI contributions.