 We continue to innovate strongly in this segment and this year we introduced Step Up to Naturals a bridging brand to provide a first step for customers to improve the diet for their pets. In pet treats we have expanded our range to include more natural products as well as items that mirror human food trends but are formulated particularly for pets such as popcorn and muffins. Grocery pet food which is also sold in supermarkets and discounters forms the other major segment in the food category. Accessories Accessories account for 45 of our Merchandise revenues. In 2017 revenues grew 2.4 to 321.6 million. We range products by pet type. These include collars and leads feeding bowls clothing toys travel and training products for dogs and cats housing bedding and enrichment for small animals and health and hygiene ranges. Innovation is critical to growth in this category. Progress follows trends that mirror those in home furnishing and fashion. Our private label brands support innovation in this area. Our 3 Peaks brand delivers a range of harnesses collars and leads for active dog owners and our new Baby Bea brand provides scratchers and toys that have been specifically designed for kittens incorporating advice from cat behaviourists to support their development. Integrating online with stores seamlessly Our instore ranges are supported by an expanded offer of 11000 products available online. We have developed Order in Store which provides colleagues with the opportunity to advise customers and using Supporting our vet partners through clinical freedom and governance 55 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Performance Fuel efciency Km000 cases 100 140 130 120 110 2.70 3.00 2.85 2.90 2.95 2.80 2.75 Kmlitre Km run per 1000 cases delivered 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Km per litre of fuel used Our plans to minimise consumption of core resources and maximise efficiency are key to minimising our impact on the environment as we grow our operations. Corporate social responsibility continued Our Pets Environment Minimising fuel consumption Reducing waste Minimising water consumption As we reported last year trials of a combined Building Energy Management System BEMS with LED lighting delivered a 35 40 reduction in the daily energy load in the trial stores. The rollout to all stores is the biggest single project we have undertaken. By the end of the year we completed a combined BEMSLED installation in 250 stores which involved fitting LED lighting right across our sales floors and in illuminated display signage. We are on track to have converted the entire store estate by May 2017 delivering annual savings of 3m in 201718. As part of the new BEMS setup we have installed eight temperature sensors across each of our stores which record temperature data every 30 seconds. This helps control our instore heating and cooling to maintain an optimum comfort level for our pets customers and colleagues. Additional temperature probes in our quiet rooms ensure pets are kept within a temperature range that reflects current welfare guidelines. This is monitored centrally with any variance immediately reported and quickly rectified. We are also exploring the application of BEMS technology to control the temperatures in our instore fish tanks and vivariums. Reducing energy usage With an expanding business and upward pressure on fuel costs there are both financial and environmental pressures on our logistics operation. Since insourcing the dedicated transport operations based at our distribution centres in Stoke and Northampton in 2013 our aim has been to maintain consistent improvement in fuel efficiency measured by both the number of kilometres run per 1000 cases delivered and kilometres per litre of fuel used. Investments in tractor units that comply with Euro6 emissions standards and more aerodynamic trailers have helped to reduce CO 2 emissions and improve the fuel efficiency of the fleet. Alongside these physical improvements we have invested in Microlise a vehicle telemetry system installed across our heavy vehicle fleet to provide information about driver efficiency and we support this with a programme of driver training to promote more efficient and defensive driving techniques. In April 2017 the water market was opened up to competition for the first time. We are undertaking a review of water consumption across our business and the data we collect will be analysed in detail before deciding whether to tender a Groupwide contract later in the year. We have continued to challenge ourselves against our aspiration to divert 100 of waste arising from our stores support offices Committee meetings along with Board observers. Strategic direction objectives Group targets Strategy detailed targets and implementation Board of Directors CSR Operations Board CSR Board Committee Pets Before Prot Committee Managing our commitments Being the UKs leading retailer of pet food accessories and grooming services and one of the foremost veterinary services providers we have an important role to play in delivering the highest possible welfare standards for pets. We also aim to make a positive impact on the communities where we operate and to reduce our environmental footprint. A group of senior managers from across the business have specific responsibility to ensure the delivery of our CSR commitments and to further improve standards of pet welfare. In last years report we described how we had consulted with key stakeholder groups including customers colleagues and animal welfare organisations to identify priorities from which we could allocate resources to deliver the greatest impact environmentally socially and financially. Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 88 Reflecting these priorities I am delighted with the progress that has been made in the past year We have delivered a major investment programme to upgrade store lighting to LED and install Building Energy Management technology across our store estate.