 EVENTS ACQUIRING TO EXPAND INTO NEW MARKET SEGMENTS At the Investor Day in March 2016 we outlined the potential of telecoms as one of our big investment themes because of a rapidly expanding market and the ability to develop new products and services around our TelCap business. We have chosen to buy rather than build to move into adjacent markets to TelCap and as a result invested in BroadGroup and Layer 123. BroadGroup organises datacloud events and specialist advisory services. Its primary event DataCloud Europe is held annually in Monaco and brings together leading carriers datacentre providers cloud storage providers and systems integrators to develop business and to network. Layer123 organises leading network innovation events around Software Defined Networks and Network Functions Virtualisation in Europe and America. In addition Layer123 delivers content to its large community of networkstrategy professionals. 1. Strategic report Group at a glance 04 Chairmans introduction 06 Market overview 08 CEOs statement 10 Group Management Board 13 Business model 14 Our strategy 16 Key performance indicators 18 Segment review 20 Corporate and social responsibility 24 Operating and nancial review 26 Risk management 33 Strategic report Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 Euromoney AR2017 StrategicProof 6.indd 2 13122017 121150 Our ambition is to generate consistent and meaningful returns for our shareholders at relatively low risk. Andrew Rashbass CEO INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR INVESTING IN NEW SEGMENTS By investing in and launching FinTech capital placement platforms Institutional Investor II celebrating its fiftieth anniversary in 2017 is accelerating its transition towards becoming a B2B 3.0 information business. By broadening its product suite II has pivoted away from its traditional publisher status to a business where over 80 of its revenues are derived from nonpublishing activities. II has invested in its proprietary ManagerMatch platform helping investors find fund managers more efficiently and it is designed to become an integral part of investors manager diligence and selection processes. The Group also increased its investment in Zanbato a Silicon Valley tech company whose mission is to create greater liquidity in private markets by developing a pioneering electronic Alternative Trading System ZX focused on providing exchange like functionality to institutional trading of blocks of private securities. These are examples of investments to capitalise on the technological changes that will transform capital placement in the asset management industry. EVENTS ACQUIRING TO EXPAND INTO NEW MARKET SEGMENTS At the Investor Day in March 2016 we outlined the potential of telecoms as one of our big investment themes because of a rapidly expanding market and the ability to develop new products and services around our TelCap business. We have chosen to buy rather than build to move into adjacent markets to TelCap and as a result invested in BroadGroup and Layer 123. BroadGroup organises datacloud events and specialist advisory services. Its primary event DataCloud Europe is held annually in Monaco and brings together leading carriers datacentre providers cloud storage which aims to pay out approximately 40 of adjusted earnings each year. The new policy the share buyback improved Group performance and our strong balance sheet have enabled us to recommend to shareholders a significant increase in dividend for the year. In the year ahead we shall continue to focus on delivering growth through investing in areas of opportunity and disinvesting from areas that are structurally and cyclically challenged. Strategy Our strategy is to manage a portfolio of businesses in markets where information data and convening market participants are valued. We deliver products and services that support our clients critical activities. In particular we look to serve markets which are semiopaque that is where the information which organisations need in order to operate effectively is hard to find. We characterise the business models of B2B information companies into three generations which we call B2B Information 1.0 2.0 and 3.0. Their characteristics are set out on page 11. As we manage our portfolio to achieve our strategy and to become a 3.0 business we categorise our business into four quadrants. We allocate capital to the top two quadrants and withdraw capital from the bottom two. This quadrantbased assessment leads to three pillars of strategic activity 1. Investing around the big themes. These include price discovery posttrade activities asset management and telecoms. 2. Transform the operating model. There are two aspects to our model. One is our target business model see page 14. The second is a bestofbothworlds operating model which combines of local charities through initiatives such as helping with meal preparations at the Bowery Mission clothing drives for charities which provide disadvantaged men and women with professional office attire hurricane relief fundraisers and volunteer work as part of Habitat for Humanity to rehabilitate a home in Battle Hill New York. Our teams in Sofia Bulgaria carry out fundraising including donations for the Bulgarian Red Cross and the National Fund Saint Nikola as well as a local hospital for children with cerebral palsy. More to do The Groups success is dependent on the efforts of our staff. That is not just true in terms of financial results but also our ability to serve our communities. We will continue to focus on making the Group a place where people want to join and stay in part because we are an organisation where they can make a difference both inside and outside of the office by leading or participating in CSR activities that they care about. Board 1 Group Management Board Male 8 Female 4 Male 9 Female 1 90 10 10 67 33 12 Total Employees Senior Managers Male 83 Female 28 Male 1178 Female 1050 75 25 111 53 47 2228 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC 25 Strategic report Euromoney AR2017 StrategicProof 6.