 Low fixed costs allow cost base to be flexed to meet demand. Ongoing competitor activity to replicate market position of Signature network. Active monitoring of competitor activity. Strong financial controls to monitor financial performance. Performance Optimisation Ability to attract and retain highquality and capable people at senior and midmanagement levels. Succession planning process embedded with review at Executive Management Committee and Board level annually. Remuneration structure designed to reward superior performance and promote retention. Proactive employee development and key talent retention processes. Potential liabilities from defects in services and products. Standard operating procedures with routine root cause analysis of all incidents. Liability insurance. Impact of a successful cyber attack. Operation of a specialist Information Security team. Continual refreshment of firewalls and endpoint protection laptop encryption mobile device management intrusion protection password policy vulnerability and penetration testing identity and security event management. Intentional or inadvertent noncompliance with company values and legislation both within BBA Aviation and with trading partners. Clear values statement and ethical policies. Semiannual compliance certification by all senior management. Rigorous third party vetting processes. Robust internal control environment and regular review by internal and external audit. Environmental exposures. Strong procedural controls and physical containment when working with fuel or other hazardous chemicals. Active management of known environmental matters to minimise costs to resolve. Environmental insurance where appropriate. Noncompliance with banking covenants caused by a tighter regulatory environment around sanctions compliance which is a key condition of our banking covenants. Strong treasury donations every six months and to date has donated more than 1.6 million to charities and organisations around the world. Environment We are committed to working in ways that limit the impact of our business activities on the environment and aim for continuous improvement in environmental performance every year including the elimination of environmental incidents. We monitor external developments to ensure that we remain compliant with all environmental legislation and watch developing technology for example alternative fuels and vehicles to understand if they might have application at BBA Aviation. Every BBA Aviation site records and tracks the use of key resources to monitor efficiency and enable us to report and improve environmental performance. We regularly review performance and look for ways to reduce and prevent pollution and reduce emissions energy and water use and waste. We also aim to increase levels of recycling across the Group. See CR Dashboards in the Performance section on page 25. Our Environment Policy and Approach is available to download from the CR section of the BBA Aviation website. Environmental KPIs BBA Aviation has voluntarily reported on environmental metrics for a number of years and KPIs are normalised for comparison purposes to dollars of revenue. We use the services of an external consultant to review the process for collecting and consolidating this data. The table below shows the disclosures in a format that is consistent with previous disclosures Units 2017 2016 2015 1 2014 1 2013 1 Electricity consumption KWhm revenue 46983 49241 50676 49206 48155 GHG emissions Tonnesm revenue 38.38 38.29 53.41 53.42 49.54 Water consumption 1000 litresm revenue 170 159 203 169 161 Revenue m 2370.6 2149.1 2129.8 2289.8 2218.6 1 Figures include ASIG. Service We strive continually to anticipate customer needs exceeding their expectations. Our customers expect high quality reliability and excellent service from every business and person they deal with at BBA Aviation. We aim to exceed expectations in everything we do and have designed our businesses with customer service at the forefront and with the ability to innovate and anticipate customer requirements both now and into the future. Our internal Ascend initiative is a continuous improvement programme in place in every part of BBA Aviation seeking to implement projects that will make it easier to do business with us and easier for employees to work together. Responsibility We are committed to managing our impact on and contributing positively to society and the environment. Community We recognise the benefits of working in partnership with the communities in which we operate and our sites play an active role in local projects and local and national organisations through volunteering fundraising and taking part in events. Hurricane Relief In late 2017 hurricanes Harvey Irma and Maria had a devastating effect on communities in Houston Florida and the Caribbean with many BBA Aviation personnel and their families affected. Teams from across the Group rallied to support rescue and relief efforts from setting up and supporting a staging location for a US Military Task Force and agreement with Fly Across at Toluca International Airport in Mexico just a 30minute drive from Santa Fe the countrys financial and business district. This location increases the Signature Select network to 19 locations globally and we continue to look for further opportunities to expand this proposition. Signature has continued to invest in its current network with the successful opening of its newly constructed FBO with premium hangar space to satisfy the growing tenant demand at Boeing Field Seattle which completed in June 2017. It also secured a new strategic lease at Washington Dulles International Airport. BBA Aviation has also recently taken a minority investment in Victor a leading ondemand private jet charter company. Through this minority investment which concurrently acquired RocketRoute a global flight planning and trip support business we are committed to being at the forefront of advances in data and technology enabled customer service. As the demographic using and chartering private jets continues to change our ability to utilise technology will ensure we bring the best possible service to our many discerning customers. There are now 198 locations in Signatures global network. Strategic Report Signature Flight Support 2017 Performance 2016 705.9 FX 5.8 2016 Likeforlike 700.1 Acquisitions 39.7 Organic 12.2 2017 727.6 0 100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 2016 42.0 FX 1.3 2016 Likeforlike 40.7 Acquisitions 11.5 Organic 13.1 2017 65.