 London Underground Source Transport for London. Bus 200708 200809 200910 201011 201112 201213 201415 201516 201617 millions 175 200 150 125 100 75 Jan 09 Jan 10 Jan 11 Jan 12 Jan 13 Jan 14 Jan 15 Jan 16 Jan 17 Seasonally adjusted index 50 indicates no change on previous month 60 65 55 50 45 40 35 Source IHS Markit. 6 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our market continued The Workspace Advantage Amidst the shifting economic climate Workspaces leadingedge offering is proving increasingly appealing to small and growing businesses looking for stability and commercial advantage in London. This year the real estate market has seen an even greater demand for the principles that underpin the Workspace Advantage greater flexibility technology infrastructure without limits and dynamic environments that encourage networking and knowledge exchange. As more companies seek to reduce overheads and grow the movement towards flexibility offers an attractive opportunity. Now larger companies are embracing new ways of working prioritising flexible and coworking spaces to help drive growth while avoiding getting tied into longer leases. By the end of this year nearly 1.2 million people worldwide will have worked in a coworking space rising to an expected four million by 2020 1. Responding to market trends Market trend The number of small businesses is expanding. Workspace response We have an established brand and unique offer allowing us to capitalise on this growing pool of prospective customers. We continue to add business centre space and customer insight. Sustainable approach We work hard to improve our practices internally and actively encourage contractors and customers to do the same. A thriving community Our success is dependent on the strong relationships we build with our customers suppliers and partners and our local communities. Acquisition and ongoing ownership of freehold Workspace acquires the freehold of properties across London. Owning the freehold enables us to constantly upgrade and transform our properties to increase their value and drive rental growth. We will dispose of properties where we believe we can no longer add value or if the property falls below our robust return targets. We reposition We carry out light internal refurbishments to enhance both pricing and property values. We refurbish We have a rolling programme of refurbishments to upgrade or expand our existing properties and grow our footprint in London. We redevelop We generate value through intensifying use at existing sites often creating brand new business centres in partnership with residential developers. Centre Managers Our Centre Managers play a crucial role in building a community in our business centres this year hosting 180 customer events. Clerkenwell Workshops We are carrying out refurbishment works upgrading both the internal and external breakout spaces. 1. 2. Key inputs How we create and capture value Overview Our Governance Strategic Report Financial Statements Additional Information 15 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Creating value for all stakeholders In executing our strategy we aim to generate positive outcomes for all our stakeholders. For a longterm relationship with XLP a charity which creates positive futures for young people growing up on deprived inner city estates often struggling with issues such as family breakdown poverty unemployment and educational failure. Workspace supports XLP through a wide variety of means including financial support mentoring for young people providing work experience and facilitating employment opportunities. This year we raised over 30000 for XLP with a Workspace team completing a sponsored LondontoBrussels bike ride and helped to facilitate apprenticeship opportunities for XLPs young people see page 27. Other community projects carried out during the year included work with AHOY a watersportsbased charity which supports disadvantaged and atrisk youths using the medium of sailing and rowing to help break down social barriers and provide innovative training to help them create a positive future see case study. In February 2017 Workspace once again ran the 5th consecutive annual InspiresMe Week providing 79 students with four days work experience in 39 of our customers businesses. The programme was hugely successful in showing the students that they dont have to limit themselves to traditional career progression in order to make a difference and enjoy work. It also provided businesses with invaluable insight into the fresh creative thinking that a young person can bring to a business. Targets for the coming year Explore volunteering opportunities with new charity partner Groundwork which aims to create better places to live and work in a greener more sustainable way. Pilot the Workspace Lifeskills programme with St Gabriels we can create the ideal working environment to meet their individual business needs. This is evident in the relationships that Centre Managers have with their customers from the moment they move in they have an ally on site who is there to make their lives easier and facilitate networking with neighbours who could help their business grow. Walking around our centres you see the huge range of businesses and individuals that Workspace caters for whether a freelance consultant or a wellestablished company. The rise of digital marketing has widened the potential reach of our offer and the truly flexible space we provide means we are able to operate right across the economic spectrum. It is hugely exciting to see the opportunities that are opening up in the real estate market thanks to advances in technology. At Workspace we are using it to better understand and respond to customer requirements for example by providing super connected properties that allow customers to remain connected to their servers wherever they are in the building or indeed across many of our other buildings. Maria Moloney NonExecutive Director 1. Strategy The Board regularly debates the relevance and effectiveness of the strategy to ensure it is the right one for the business in current and future market conditions. Read more about our Strategy on page 18. Activities in 201617 Worked with the Executive Directors to review the current strategy and ensure its continued relevance.