 3 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 EXECUTIVE CHAIRMANS STATEMENT Dear Shareholder I am delighted to report that Serica made strong progress in 2017. With the announcement in late November of Sericas acquisition of operated interests in the Bruce Keith and Rhum fields BKR Assets the Company had a very strong finish to what was an excellent year. Gross profits from operations amounted to just under US20 million a threefold increase over the prior year derived solely from our interest in Erskine. Sericas target over the past twothree years has been to diversify the risk associated with being reliant on Erskine as a single production source and grow into a profitable midtier independent oil and gas producer through an acquisition led strategy concentrating on assets where we believed that we could add value through our own expertise. I am very pleased to report that with the agreement to purchase the BKR Assets from BP we are now well on our way to achieving this goal. These fields hold significant potential which Serica believes it can unlock as a focused low cost and innovative operator under the leadership of Mitch Flegg who joined us as Chief Executive upon announcement of the transaction. We welcome Mitch and the team who the Forties Pipeline System FPS on 11 December shutin Erskine along with approximately 80 other North Sea production platforms. Though frustrating not to have been able to maintain Erskine early year performance Sericas net share of production for 2017 still averaged close to 2000 boe per day delivered at improving oil and gas prices and generating profit before tax of US10.8 million compared to US3.3 million for 2016. It should also be emphasised that output restrictions during 2017 were almost entirely related to the oil offtake pipelines. The FPS interruption was a rare event which the operator Ineos FPS was quick to address given the strategic importance of this line which transports to shore over 40 of total UK oil production. However the wax buildup in the Lomond to Everest condensate export line has been a recurring challenge and as already reported has caused a further interruption to Erskine production in early 2018. Response todate has been to manage the problem through rate control periodic soaking of the line with solvents and pigging. However pigging programmes have historically been limited due to the risk of full blockage. Net production of 722000 boe and operating profit of US14.1 million represents Sericas strongest annual performance todate. 7 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REPORT CONTINUED New Lomond operator Chrysaor Holdings Limited after reviewing the various wax management measures employed in recent years has concluded that the best longterm solution is to bypass the area of wax build up by replacing a 26 km section of line a proposal that Serica fully supports. A clean line will allow full and regular pigging right from the start thus preventing the wax buildup that has proved so difficult to remove. Sericas share of the cost is comparable to some 40 days of Sericas field revenues. Equipment procurement has commenced and the installation is expected to be completed in Q3 2018. So although field production is again being curtailed during early 2018 Serica has confidence that the bypass solution will assist delivery of full field potential in future years and pay for itself many times over. In the meantime the Lomond operator continues to make every effort to clear the blockage with further equipment currently being mobilised. BKR Asset acquisition Since the 2015 acquisition of an interest in the producing Erskine field Sericas management has been seeking additional North Sea production interests. In addition to diversifying risk away from a single revenue stream this would also assist in accelerating and fully exploiting the value of Sericas UK North Sea ringfence tax losses. It has taken considerable time and patience to deliver the right deal but we believe the structure of the BKR transaction allows Serica to achieve further transformation whilst managing downside risk and avoiding excessive dilution or leverage. As the deal also brings operating responsibilities the transition phase will necessarily be of sufficient duration to allow the Company to put in place systems and resources and obtain the necessary consents been careful to manage its exploration commitments during the industry downturn this well targeting material hydrocarbon volumes is close to infrastructure within the general ErskineLomond area making it a strong candidate for early development should the well prove successful and will be drilled at no cost to Serica. Serica intends to continue targeting exploration opportunities where an attractive balance can be struck between financial commitment and risked commercial return and has participated in three applications for new licences in the UKCS 30th Offshore Licensing Round. Further Opportunities Though the main effort must necessarily be directed towards preparing for BKR operations and completing the transaction with BP Serica will continue to look for opportunities to build the Company and deliver further shareholder value. As the time taken to deliver the BKR opportunity demonstrates it requires patience to achieve this but we believe that Company progress to date provides a sound platform from which to further build our upstream business. Mitch Flegg Chief Executive Officer 9 April 2018 Pre tax profit to Serica from its share in Erskine gas field Profit after tax of P50 Prospective Resources net to Serica from fullycarried Rowallan exploration well 19.7 mmboe 3.3m 10.8m 2016 2017 17103k 10838k 6489k 2016 2015 2017 9 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 ASSET PORTFOLIO Serica is a Britishbased independent upstream oil and gas company with operations centred on the UK North Sea where we have the full range of exploration development and production assets.