 These include AIG Arlington Brookfield CBRE Global Curlew Student Trust Europa Capital GSA Lasalle Legal General MG UBS and UPP. BUSINESS MODEL REDUCES RISK Watkin Jones plc is one of the few companies in PBSA and build to rent offering a complete solution to investors from identifying the site through to managing the finished building. We believe that we are the only fullservice provider to sell all our developments meaning we do not compete with our own investment clients. The forward sale model minimises our development risk. HIGH VISIBILITY AND STRONG FINANCIAL PROFILE We have significant visibility of our earnings and cash flow from forwardsold schemes and our development pipeline. As developers and constructors we capture both development and construction margin. Where Fresh Property Group is appointed as property manager we earn ongoing revenue and margin post completion of a development. Forward selling developments gives us favourable working capital dynamics as we invoice on a monthly basis rather than selling completed developments at the end of the construction phase. ATTRACTIVE MARKETS We operate in large and growing markets. There are over 1.7 million fulltime students in the UK and demand for university places remains well ahead of supply. A higher number of students than ever are studying away from home adding to the demand for private PBSA. Significant funds are available for investment in build to rent with the market expected to grow by 45 billion over the minimise our impact on both the local and global environment. People Watkin Jones success relies on having a highly skilled and motivated workforce. As outlined in the Chairmans and Chief Executive Officers statements investing in our leadership was a key feature of the year. In a growing business we need leaders with the capabilities and capacity to take on bigger roles and ensure we maintain our excellent record of delivery. We will seek to bring through talented people who are already in the organisation while identifying any gaps we need to fill. Our people benefit from tailored personal and professional development programmes. These include awardwinning initiatives such as our graduate placements apprenticeships management development programmes and construction skills certification schemes. To attract the next generation of talent into the industry we spend considerable time engaging with schools and careers advisers to explain the broad range of careers and trades available to young people and run a scholarship for students studying construction. We regularly monitor our peoples training needs and have a continuous learning process from onboarding and induction to a culture of managing performance. Performance reviews take place regularly with line managers and our Training Development Manager. To continually improve and promote our learning culture we have a competency framework linked to our values. Learning and development is a fundamental factor. We encourage learning with the courses available to our people ranging from Construction Apprenticeships HNCs and BScs in Construction to professional qualifications and health and safety training. Training methods audit to identify gaps and propose solutions actions and mitigations to ensure compliance. Action plans and completed audits will be retained for six years and be made available to the Supervisory Authority upon request. As the Group continues to grow we seek to ensure that our actions and policies reflect our commitment to economic social and environmental sustainability. How sustainability supports our business model Site procurement and planning Transaction and funding Construction and delivery Asset management People a a a a Clients a a Supply chain a Communities a a Environment a Watkin Jones plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 29 Clients Our clients are leading institutional investors who acquire the PBSA and build to rent developments we produce and employ us to manage them on their behalf. We maintain close relationships with our clients so we can understand the types of development and locations that are attractive to them. We foster these relationships both formally and informally and at a variety of levels. While we work on a repeat basis with existing clients we also aim to add new clients each year. In FY17 we worked with three institutions for the first time. When we look for an investor for a particular site we typically approach a select group of institutions whose investment needs are met by that site. From time to time however we will make a development available on the open market allowing us to assess investor appetite and ensure we are achieving robust prices. Supply 2017 and to Duncan House Stratford East London which is a mixeduse development under construction for delivery in FY19 and comprising 511 student beds 44 residential apartments and nearly 28000 sq ft of academic teaching and affordable commercial space. The Board intends to introduce a longterm incentive plan for the Executive Directors and a number of the Groups other senior managers which is discussed in more detail in the Remuneration Committee report on pages 47 and 48. In January 2018 the Chairman wrote to the top ten institutional shareholders to summarise the proposals and to request any feedback. A key event during the year was the successful placing of 50.25 million existing shares in Watkin Jones plc of which 49.25 million were held by the GJ Watkin Jones 1992 Settlement Trust and one million by Philip Byrom. These shares represented 19.7 of the Companys share capital. The placing has broadened the share register allowing some key institutions to acquire shares for the first time and has also increased the liquidity of the shares. Our advisers play an important part in helping us to communicate effectively with shareholders. In May 2017 we announced the appointment of Peel Hunt LLP as the Companys nominated adviser and corporate broker. We appointed Jefferies Hoare Govett as joint corporate broker in June 2017. Annual General Meeting AGM The Companys AGM will be held at 10.30am on Tuesday 13 February 2018 at the offices of Buchanan 107 Cheapside London EC2V 6DN.