 Annovas relationship with the RTL group goes back over 10 years as an OpenMedia customer and RTL is now operating both SCISYS products after an order for dira. The MB division is settling in at its new premises in Dortmund and has built a strong starting position for 2018. It is preparing for future success by making the investments needed to maintain its leading product offering and to prepare and exploit further synergies with Annova. Annova 2017 is the first year of Annovas contribution to the Groups results. Its overall performance has been robust and closely aligned with our expectations at the time of its acquisition although this did not reach the levels anticipated by the vendors forecasts on which a significant proportion of contingent consideration was dependent. As a result the deferred consideration expected to be paid for Annova has reduced from 3.9m to 2.0m. In June Annova secured its first contract in North America with Corus Entertainment which is Canadas largest mediacontent company. Corus is using Annovas OpenMedia newsroom product for its extensive Global News operation. The initial project phase successfully concluded in November and subsequent deliveries of this multiyear multiphase programme are already being discussed with the customer. In August Annova met an important commercial milestone in its flagship project with the BBC by concluding the Facilities OpenMedia clearly is leading in this space and were delighted to be their first major North American partner. Gerry Belec Dir. of Operations Technology Global News part of Corus Entertainment Inc We are very excited about the partnership with SCISYS Space UK as this is an important step bringing us closer to building the operations of a full constellation of nanosatellites. This partnership will further boost our technological capabilities and help us build a satellite communications network infrastructure which is considered stateoftheart in the industry. Meir Moalem Managing Director and CEO of Sky and Space Global UK Undertaking the virtualisation of the CRC registry was undoubtedly a significant task. That it was carried out so smoothly with minimal business disruption is testament to the close working relationship between SCISYS and the Environment Agency. The new cloudbased platform is more performant more resilient and significantly cheaper to operate. Thank you for all your efforts in securing the future of this key UK Government service. Andrew Matterson Senior Advisor Emissions Trading Environment Agency Govia Thameslink Railway has been pleased to partner with SCISYS to help develop a solution to assist our customers that have additional accessibility requirements. Working to a short timescale SCISYS has delivered a Proof of Concept solution that works exactly as designed. This is a very exciting project and could provide a stepchange in the way our customers are able to travel more freely around the rail network. Jason Durk Innovation Manager Govia Thameslink Railway GM6 Group has for sustained organic growth in the medium term. Xibis Xibis our SCISYS PLC subsidiary for mobile apps and website development based in Leicester with a 17strong team has performed broadly in line with expectations often working in collaboration with the ESD division. With effect from 1 January 2018 Xibis will be reported as a business unit within the ESD division rather than as a standalone entity. On track for further growth At SCISYS we believe in the opportunities for innovative software systems to benefit our customers operations. We are dedicated to achieving our customers goals by creating and delivering quality software solutions. Our overarching commitment is to run a resilient well balanced business that promotes sustained commercial success. Our strategy has always been to invest in innovation and acquisition for longterm growth. The 2017 financial year has delivered in this respect and facilitated a step change in financial performance that provides a platform for SCISYS continued success. We have strengthened our position in established niches and have moved into adjacent markets on the back of our expert knowhow versatile skills and our commitment to innovation. Our sales people have opened up new territories and started to explore new sectors. We are continuously investing in our proprietary products and reusable software platforms. Integration between Annova and MB has already brought immediate successes. For 2018 we expect that Annova will benefit from the major contract wins secured during the second half of 2017 and will increasingly meet SCISYS high internal process and its business is conducted in compliance with high ethical standards and good business practice. We seek to apply these standards to all dealings with employees customers suppliers and other stakeholders. This is reflected in our governance policies and we expect professionalism and integrity from all employees and operations. OUR CULTURE Culture is what drives performance. Strong growth and value creation can be achieved only when purpose and values are embedded and aligned with company culture. We understand that this must be done with openness because of the integral role that it plays in the future of our business. We know it is important for our employees to value their work trust their colleagues and feel empowered to work together. For these reasons we invest in making SCISYS a desirable place to work. Not only does doing so demonstrate that we care about their long term futures it also gives staff a high level of reassurance that they are trusted valued and supported. This also comes from listening to feedback. These endeavours are good for the Company because we also know that our staff perform better when they feel their voices are heard right at the top. We support our longterm aims by creating close ties between our business values with company culture as well as ensuring that all appraisals incentives and rewards are equally aligned in this way. We believe that this has a positive impact on growth and greater performance.