 However despite the decrease in oil exports the KRG continued to demonstrate its ability and willingness to make payments and Genel has received payments for sales on a monthly basis since September 2015. This has enabled investment by the Company to continue. Financial strength underpinning opportunity Genel is currently on a sound financial footing and continues to generate significant free cash flow something boosted by the signing of the Receivable Settlement Agreement RSA in August 2017. The successful refinancing in December then provided a bedrock from which we can move forward with a proactive growth strategy. There are exciting opportunities available for cashgenerative proactive companies and the Board and management carried out a comprehensive review of Genel strategy in order to define a clear and focused roadmap to creating significant shareholder value. The refreshed strategy focuses on the creation of shareholder value providing growth opportunities while retaining a firm focus on prudent financial planning. Our strategy builds on our core strengths a robust and cashgenerative asset portfolio technical and commercial expertise and our ability to leverage regional relationships and manage risk in complex areas. These were key drivers behind our excellent performance in 2017. We have significant organic development options within Genels KRI portfolio the financial ability to add assets to the portfolio and management with the skills and experience to maximise the value of these opportunities. Focus on cost and capability Genel will continue to ensure that its cost 66 of our capital expenditure was spent on our producing fields. As payments are received monthly this is currently recovered through cash receipts within approximately 90 days. This focus on expenditure and value creation with a cash investment of 345 million in buying back bonds at below par reducing gross cash debt from 675 million to 300 million helped to reduce our net debt as at end2017 to 135 million. This was a 44 reduction yearonyear from the end2016 figure of 241 million providing Genel with the financial flexibility to take advantage of new opportunities. We are focused on finding those opportunities that promise to add to our financial strength and capital allocation will remain biased on nearterm cash generation. Below Operations at Taq Taq GENEL ENERGY 8 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STATEMENT CONTINUED Bina Bawi and Miran remain a significant opportunity for Genel and we will work to convert that opportunity into shareholder value in 2018. Below Bina Bawi field facilities Top Drilling operations at Peshkabir Below Workers at Bina Bawi Some of these nearterm cashgenerative opportunities can be found within the Genel portfolio. The significant increase in high value Bina Bawi 2C oil resources we saw in the recent CPR by RPS Consultants offers a tangible opportunity. As Bina Bawi oil is both highquality and in close proximity to the Taq Taq field and associated export infrastructure it is an attractive nearterm development candidate for the Company. This would be the beginning of tangible value crystallisation of the bedrock for future growth. As such maximising the cash flow from these assets is a key priority. Genels prior commitment to drill one well on the Sidi Moussa licence Genel 60 working interest operator offshore Morocco has been replaced by an obligation to carry out a 3D seismic campaign across the acreage significantly reducing anticipated expenditure. Planning is ongoing with seismic acquisition set to begin in 2018 which is expected to materially derisk the licence. Somaliland with a population of 3.5 million declared independence in 1991. Though not internationally recognised Somaliland has a working political system government institutions a police force and its own currency. In November 2017 Somaliland held its third presidential election and the first in the world to use retina scans to recognise voters. International observers praised the smooth and peaceful conduct of voting and the integrity of the electoral process. Somalilands north coast on the major shipping route of the Gulf of Aden is host to the natural deep water port of Berbera where continued stability and has promoted increased investment towards export potential. GENEL ENERGY 18 STRATEGIC REPORT Supporting and sustaining the communities in which we operate is fundamental to Genels success. Natural resources should be a boon to a region and it is imperative that local people share the benefits of the resources found in their area. Making a lasting contribution to communities OUR SUSTAINABLE APPROACH BOOSTING EMPLOYABILITY IN THE LOCAL COMMUNITY As well as providing economic benefits for a country as a REPORT OUR SUSTAINABLE APPROACH CONTINUED Supporting and sustaining the communities in which we operate is fundamental to Genel Energys success. Natural resources should be a boon to a region and it is imperative that local people share the benefits of the resources found in their area. As well as providing economic benefits for a region we strive to support local communities directly through providing opportunities while leaving the environment untarnished for future generations. HEALTH AND SAFETY A safe workplace remains a top priority for Genel and we are proud that 2017 matched the success of 2016 in achieving our target of zero lost time incidents across TTOPCO and Genel operations. This is a testament to the ongoing focus of our operational team who worked hard to achieve this result. The Company also works with contractors in order that they share Genels high standards. In 2017 contractor assurance management plans were developed for five existing contracts. On the ground at Taq Taq and Geneloperated sites 57 HSE visits were made in the year and site emergency exercises take place on a monthly basis. Comprehensive risk assessments take place ahead of any operational work with a focus of 2017 being the Miran and Bina Bawi preFID work programme.