Clare is the former Group People Director of BT Group plc and succeeded Melanie Gee as the Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Barbara who is a former Executive VicePresident of Alcoa joined the Audit and Remuneration Committees. In January 2018 Stephen Young former CEO of Meggitt plc joined the Board and he will succeed Alan Ferguson as Audit Committee Chairman from 28 April 2018. Looking ahead to the rest of 2018 the Board will focus on continuing to support CEO Jon Stanton as he executes our strategy and builds an even more sustainable business. Charles Berry Chairman 28 February 2018 Our culture and values Everything we do as a company stems from our core values Members of the Board visited customers as part of its meeting in South Africa. You can read more in Governance in Action on page 81. Think safety first Delight our customers Deliver quality Do the right thing Explore and innovate The Board recognises that the business will be more successful if it partners with stakeholders and makes a positive contribution to society. 07 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information 2017 saw the Group deliver strong growth and strategic progress by being proactive and leveraging our leadership positions in increasingly attractive markets. Strategic progress People Safety is our number one priority and I am pleased to report excellent progress in the past year. The Groups total incident rate TIR our primary measure of safety performance reduced from 0.66 to 0.53 a 20 improvement. This has been achieved by a clear commitment from the top of the organisation through the Chief Executives Safety Committee and other initiatives but more importantly by the widespread adoption of a bottomup behavioural safety culture that focuses on reducing harm and ensuring our people have a safe start safe finish and safe journey home. There are parts of the Group that consistently achieve zero harm but we wont be satisfied until that is consistent across all our businesses. In addition to improving safety we have also reinvested in our people development programmes. This was an area where the business cut back during the downturn and it was important to rebuild in order to maintain our strong record of execution. Having leaders who can mentor and develop the potential of their teams is vital. The quality and passion of our people is a real differentiator for Weir and ensuring we have a highly skilled and fully engaged workforce is critical to our future success. Going forward safety will continue to be our number one priority. We have also developed a new people strategy aimed at strengthening our culture and inspiring our people to reach their potential and build a personal legacy. It includes a new approach to strategic workforce planning and reviewing the employee experience to ensure it aligns with our culture and allows us to recruit and retain a diverse and vibrant workforce. To help ensure our performance is fully aligned to the interests of our investors well introduce an allemployee share ownership plan in 2019. The success of the Group depends on the efforts of all our people and it is right that we give them a real stake in our future. You can read further details of our proposed plan in our Remuneration Committee report from page 95. Chief Executive Officers Review Delivering sustainable longterm performance we have a good sense of where we want to go as a business and how we are going to get there. That includes agreeing new key performance indicators to be delivered over the medium term starting in 2018. They are Improved sustainable engagement and organisational effectiveness Increased market share Improved percentage of revenues from new solutions Sustainably higher margins through the cycle These indicators will guide our short to mediumterm progress and will require excellent execution of our strategy building on the good progress delivered in 2017. This time last year I set out our new We are Weir strategic framework. It gave the Group a clear future direction and articulated the distinctive competencies People Customers Technology and Performance that will help Weir achieve our vision of being the most admired engineering business in our markets. As 2017 progressed We are Weir gained real traction across the business with teams from all over the world contributing to a vibrant debate about how best to execute our new strategy and deliver strong returns for all our stakeholders. That passion and shared sense of purpose is extremely important and powerful. As we look to the future 08 The Weir Group PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Jon Stanton Chief Executive Officer Customers Our customers are the reason we exist and thrive. Every Weir colleague should wake up each day thinking how we can do more to help our customers do better. Traditionally we have taken a productled approach but as part of the We are Weir strategic framework we are moving to an integrated solutions mindset in which our people spend more time on site listening to customers operational challenges and then designing a package of solutions to help them achieve their goals. This approach helps embed Weir even further into the operations of our customers and differentiates us more clearly from competitors. In Minerals it helped increase orders ahead of global mining and sustaining capital spending. Oil Gas also outperformed North American rig count growth leveraging their key account management programme to build even closer relationships with leading oilfield services companies. Flow Control grew aftermarket orders in tough markets and reshaped its sales and marketing structure to increase its customer intimacy. We will continue to build even closer customer relationships in the future building on the competitive advantage provided by our comprehensive service network and seeking to continue to take early advantage of market trends.