Our audience has further grown as a result of our global expansion namely the launch of new cities in the US and in Germany and new print magazines as well as the integration of former Time Out franchises in Australia Spain Hong Kong and Singapore into our owned and operated network. Time Out is very well known for its magazines but is Time Out now a digital business Whilst digital revenues now account for a majority of the Groups revenue and we are excited about the consistent growth of ecommerce and Premium Profiles the physical nature of print and Time Out Market have a significant role to play in the future of Time Out as our global community chooses to use multiple channels to interact with us. Our content is platform agnostic and we deliver it to wherever our audience wants it through our website mobile social print Live Events or Time Out Market. It is this unique clicks and mortar approach that helps us raise the profile of our brand and expand our global presence. Since the opening of Lisbon six Time Out Market locations have been announced when will the next open and can we expect more announcements Time Out Market Lisbon continues to be an incredible success story it is now Portugals most visited attraction and recognised to be at the forefront of the emerging global food hall trend. This is a trend which has been growing significantly around the world and consumers love this democratisation of fine food and the communal feel. We are proud to lead the charge in this sector and truly differentiate as we not only offer the best food of the city but also its culture. This makes Time Out Market so much more than just a food hall. The fact that Time Out Market Lisbon saw 3.6 million visitors in 2017 shows how successful and popular this format is. As we are expanding Time Out Market globally we are set to open Time Out Market New York and Miami in 2018 followed by Chicago and Boston in 2019. To capitalise on the exceptional growth opportunity Time Out Market offers we secured a loan of 9 million in 2017 a further 20 million in March 2018 and we continue to explore funding options. What are the key challenges of the year ahead The industry we are operating in is challenged by the socalled duopoly Facebook and Google which is now also joined by Amazon. The duopolys share of global advertising spend has more than doubled over the past four years and now stands at over 20. However what makes Time Out stand out in this competitive and fastchanging environment is its hugely trusted brand real authenticity quality content a loyal and engaged audience unique products and experiences we offer and differentiated bespoke multichannel solutions within a brandsafe environment for advertisers. This combination of assets is difficult to replicate for these tech giants but something advertising clients and consumers increasingly seek. We need to strengthen these assets further to continue to evolve as a digital transactional business and to get to profitability. As for our second business division Time Out Market a key challenge will be the openings coming up of new sites in 2018 in New York and Miami and in 2019 in Chicago and Boston. I am pleased to have a fantastic team in place who are highly experienced with managing a number of highprofile openings within a short period of time. Time Out is 50 years old in 2018. A lot has changed but what still remains It all began in London in 1968 when Time Out helped people explore the exciting things that happened all over the city. 50 years on this is still at the heart of everything we do we continue to inspire and enable people to make the most of the city. But today we are present in 108 cities in 39 countries around the world. Through all those years this iconic brand has maintained its status as the goto source of inspiration for both locals and visitors alike making Time Out the only true global marketplace for city life. Our unique curated content written by professional journalists remains as relevant now as when it first started it is this authentic high quality content people value in times of fake news more than ever before and that is why we are able to inspire millions of people to have a great time in cities around the world. Julio Bruno Chief Executive Officer 25887 11 April 2018 1034 AM Proof4 10 Time Out Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 Stock code TMO BUSINESS MODEL The only true global marketplace for city life Time Out Groups core proposition is built around its trusted iconic brand and unique highquality content about the best things to do in cities around the world. Professional journalists constantly curate and write about the food drinks theatre art film music travel and entertainment those cities have to offer making Time Out the goto source of inspiration for both locals and visitors alike. To grow earnings and create sustainable value for its stakeholders the Group is increasingly transacting with and advertising to this global experiencehungry audience that is already looking to spend. Core growth areas are the global roll out of Time Out Market ecommerce and advertisement. The Groups business model positions Time Out as the only true global marketplace for city life.