Revenue generated from new products this year was 11.1 million. Gooch Housego met its FY 2017 financial goals and was able to make strategically important investments in key skills processes systems and the latest capital equipment. Significant progress has been made towards meeting our strategic aims of diversifying the business and moving up the value chain with AD now representing 31.1 of our business. We acquired USA based StingRay in February 2017 which has integrated well into the wider organisation and performed strongly CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STATEMENT GOOCH HOUSEGO PLC 12 ANNUAL REPORT 2017 STRA TEGIC REPORT Good progress has been achieved in our key RD areas of interest notable among which are the following Microelectronics is entering a new phase of nano technology and the UV lithography and via drilling techniques required to achieve this need a new generation of precision lasers and laser systems which are being developed with our laser manufacturer and laser system partners. OCT technology dominates the retinal scanning and imaging arena but the longer term development partnerships we have with medical diagnostic companies in the areas of cardiovascular disease and cancer detection are now moving to the prototype and early commercial model stage with the prospect of new product launches in the near future. Our space communication group has gone from strength to strength with European Space Agency and UK Space agency funded work in satellite communications and is now attracting commercial interest from the USA and elsewhere In addition to the grant funded work we have enhanced our 4 million commercial contract to provide communication systems for near term satellite launches. We are also developing similar technology for the adjacent market of UAVs. Various aspects of our RD defence programmes in the US and Europe are classified but we are able to say that we are making good headway in developing key parts of Kent Periscopes product portfolio so they are compatible with USA military standards. We have recently moved some of our RD effort into sensing technology focusing on use in harsh environments with ruggedised photonics technology. We have been able to bring some of our space communications experience to problem solving in this arena. In order to accommodate the need for more system based projects the Systems Technology Group STG primarily based at our Torquay site has been expanded. The group consists of scientists and engineers who bring a wide range of skills such as electronic software and mechanical engineering which are required in order to present a complete sub system or system to our customers. Performance Improvement Programme In addition to the enhanced RD performance outlined above we have continued to expand our business development group adding a microelectronic business development executive to the existing life science and AD executives. The established business development executives have brought enhanced access to tier 1 AD companies and multinational medical diagnostic organisations and have been instrumental in the development of some of our most notable RD projects Our expectation is that with the addition of the new microelectronics business development executive we will be able to enhance our contribution to the new industrial laser systems that are currently in development. GHs ongoing operational performance improvement programme was instrumental in enabling us to meet the challenge of this years high growth rate. The major infrastructure projects in Fremont CA and Cleveland OH are now substantially complete. Investment in key skills lean processes and systems and the latest capital equipment was accelerated in sites that provide critical components for precision lasers used in microelectronic manufacturing namely Ilminster Fremont CA and Torquay. We have built on the good work done in previous years to further improve efficiency customer service and to establish a more scalable organisational model for future growth. Our ten manufacturing sites have been organised into three manufacturing centres. They are based on our sites areas of technical expertise namely Acousto Optic Electro Optic Precision Optics and Fibre Optics. Each manufacturing area has a leader and their role is to ensure best practice is shared there is process harmonisation and optimal allocation of resource. GH is in a strong positon financially and is well positioned to make further investment in the business. Market and Applications Industrial The industrial sector represents 57.4 of GHs revenue and is composed of a diverse range of industrial applications aligned to our world class photonic technologies including microelectronic manufacturing semiconductor manufacturing and test remote sensing metrology and optical communications. Our industrials division grew by 10.0 million or 18.4 compared to the previous year reflecting a positive performance across the range of industrial products. Critical components for precision lasers used in microelectronic manufacturing were in particular demand. This was driven by the next generation of smart phones and tablets and the consequent change in manufacturing technology required to produce them. The aforementioned cutting edge technology is primarily dependent on the latest solid state lasers and we worked closely with the laser manufacturers and laser system suppliers to meet these demands. Precision inspection equipment for real time calibration in smart phone and tablet production continued to deliver significant revenue for us during FY 2017. The ongoing need for ever more data capacity from government industry and the consumer continues to drive a strong optical telecommunications performance. GH provides some of the more technically challenging elements to both land and undersea optical communications. Our ultra hireliability fibre couplers are CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STATEMENT GOOCH HOUSEGO PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 13 STRA TEGIC REPORT used in amplifiers that are a key part of undersea cable networks. Over the last couple of years there has been a positive step change in the requirement for these products driven by technology firms laying their own cable networks in order to control the process of data delivery. This new level of demand has continued unabated throughout FY 2017. Aerospace Defence AD represented 31.1 of our revenue and grew year on year by 14.9 million or 74.5.