Given these oneoff and exceptional costs and to give a better understanding of the underlying performance of the business we present adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income. On this adjusted basis 2017 was a record set of results with the Groups adjusted EBITDA of 10.6m exceeding 10m for the first time in the Groups history. These results are described in more detail in the financial review on page 19 including a reconciliation of adjusted numbers to statutory figures. Our results were achieved from our normal contracted and recurring customer revenues coupled with the addition of a number of new multiyear contracts and one off events as outlined in more detail in each of the regional CEO review sections on pages 24 and 29. The most significant new multiyear contract win was in the US with the addition of a five year contract to deliver the three US PGA annual events including the Mens PGA Championship which was held in 2017 in Quail Hollow North Carolina. Industry Overview The Global event rental sector is a highly fragmented and siloed single productservice focused industry. There are very few international organisations and typically businesses in the sector tend to be very single product focused. This landscape has not changed significantly during 2017 with most industry transactions focused on increasing the size rather than the productservice offerings of the relevant company. A number of significant transactions were however completed in 2017. The main European transaction of note was the acquisition of De Boer Structures by Losberger creating the largest structures business in the world. This new group has for the first time seen the Greg Lawless Arena Group CEO 17 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Annual Report Accounts 2017 combination of a major structures manufacturer with a major structures rental business. This is a significant development as traditionally manufacture and rental businesses have remained distinctly separate. In the US the breakup of the former Classic Party Rentals business based out of Los Angeles has changed the landscape of the North American event rental sector. Classic was the largest single event rental business in the US with operations spread across more than ten locations from California to Florida. The disposal programme saw a number of different transactions with the largest transaction being the disposal of the Classic West Coast party rental business to Bright Rentals based out of LA. This breakup has now eliminated the only truly national party and structures rental company in the US. This presents a significant opportunity for the development of the Arena business in the US as we outlined at the time of the listing. Apart from these two major developments the industry continues to see a good flow of acquisition activity in the smaller scale business units that operate within the sector. We continue to be active in this space as we look for valueaccretive bolt on businesses that have the potential to enhance the performance of our existing business. Growth Strategies We outlined four key components of our strategic plan as part of the IPO process in 2017. These four components are designed to help us deliver not only top line revenue growth but more importantly improvement in EBITDA margins that we believe will continue to create demonstrable shareholder value over the coming years. Geographic expansion Future geographic expansion will be initially focused on the US where the Group currently has approximately one per cent market share and a predominantly Upper Midwest and East Coast presence. An improved presence on the West Coast would bolster the businesss national tenting reach and allow the servicing of national customers across the entire North American continent on a more economic basis. Product Extension We intend to replicate our UK multiproduct offering in other parts of the Group. We will continue to review and expand our product range and service capabilities in all regions to ensure we are providing as broad a product offering as possible to our customers in each region. The April 2017 acquisition of Wernick Events a seating and mass participation business based in Coventry is a good example of this. This acquisition added some 24000 tiered seats to our existing stock of 76000 but also allowed us to enter the fast growing mass participation sports market in the UK where we now deliver over 300 events each year for Cancer Research UK and other event organisers. Reduction of seasonality Our business by its nature is seasonal in each region. This means that typically each region suffers losses in the slow season. We plan to continue to expand into complementary markets to extend the season in each region thus improving asset and labour utilisation. The expansion of our temporary ice rink business in the UK is a good example of this where we now deliver 30 temporary ice rinks over the winter season including venues such as the Tower of London Hampton Court Canary Wharf and Liverpool. The Group is now EBITDA profitable nine months out of twelve and our objective is to ultimately have positive EBITDA every month of the year as a consequence of this strategic component. Vertical Integration manufacturing of temporary structures The Group already has two small manufacturing facilities one in Malaysia and the other in the US. These units manufacture certain parts and bespoke products for a number of unique client requirements. Given the importance of being able to offer bespoke innovative and cost effective product solutions to our customers we will look to add to these existing manufacturing facilities in order to continue providing our customers with stateoftheart solutions across our regional divisions. ARENA GROUP 18 Annual Report Accounts 2017 CEOs Report Continued Acquisitions I am pleased to report that we have since the year end made progress in a number of these areas with two acquisitions each of which will contribute to the future growth of the Group.