See page 55 of this report for further details. The Board and its various Committees have met regularly throughout the year and an internal Board evaluation exercise was undertaken during the year see page 58. Looking ahead As I have mentioned previously the implications of Brexit on the Group are not considered material at this stage but we will continue to monitor progress on the negotiations currently taking place. With a stable Board senior management team and awardwinning brands I am looking forward to delivering on our refreshed strategy to ensure growth and increased shareholder returns. David Maloney Chairman 7 March 2018 We return to looking at larger more strategic opportunities to deliver growth and shareholder value for the future. 07 Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements We have many key strengths which we leverage to deliver our plans Why invest in Stock Spirits WE PREMIUMISE Our range commands higher margins Consumers increasing disposable income prompts growing demand for perceived higher quality differentiated spirits. We develop our brands and range continuously in selected categories to provide consumers with compelling reasons to pay more and to build equity that can withstand price competition. WE SELL Our distribution platforms Our markets combine offtrade distribution platforms with critical mass and quality of commercial execution in the ontrade. We pride ourselves in our management of customer and key account relationships. WE MARKET Management of third party brands Our distribution sales and marketing capabilities combined with excellent legal and ethical compliance provides a strong platform for third party brand distributors. We have recently renewed our contract with Diageo in the Czech market and continue to strengthen the Beam portfolio in Poland and other markets. Volumes million 9 litre cases 13.1m 2016 12.3m Jim Beam volume market share of whisky in Poland 9.5 2016 7.3 Revenue from premium brands 56.6m 2016 47.2m Stock Spirits Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 08 WE MANUFACTURE Our manufacturing capabilities We have world class manufacturing capabilities in Poland the Czech Republic and Germany able to produce high volumes to a high quality standard with high levels of customer service. Having a centralised procurement team results in significant purchasing power. WE REINVEST Low financial leverage Our financial leverage allows the Company to have an efficient capital structure with headroom to support organic and MA projects. Our cashflow conversion is also robust for the 2017 financial year we converted 86.3 of profits into cash. WE GROW MA capabilities We have completed two bolton acquisitions since 2016 and have financed both from our financing facilities. In July 2017 we completed the 25 investment in Quintessential Brands Ireland Whiskey Ltd gaining access to premium brands in the highest growth categories in our markets. Leverage 0.94x 2016 1.16x Consideration paid 15m 2016 5m Speed of a Polish bottling line No. of bottles per hour 44k 2016 42000 Strategic Review Governance Financial Statements 09 The performance of spirits in our markets as in any other geography is linked to shifts in demographics fluctuations in the performance of local economies with the associated impact on consumer confidence and disposable income plus the regulatory environment. A number of positive underlying macro consumer trends outlined in more detail below are anticipated to contribute to spirits value growth in our markets. In the short term disposable incomes may fluctuate with economic and regulatory circumstances but the long term evolution of our markets has seen a progressive growth in standards of living and disposable income and with them an expansion of consumer choice which is positively impacting the demand for higher value spirits in the region. The sustainable growth of Stock Spirits reflects our ability to identify and take advantage of these trends by evolving our brand portfolio supported by consistent investment in brand communications innovation and operational capabilities. Geographic breakdown Poland 54 Czech Republic 25 Italy 10 Other 11 274.6m Revenue by geography Macro consumer trends contribute to spirits value growth Our markets Total Group revenue 274.6m 2016 261.0m Adjusted EBITDA 56.3m 2016 51.4m 2016 2017 2016 2017 274.6m 261.0m 56.3m 51.4m 10 Stock Spirits Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 Desire for affordable luxury As disposable income grows greater numbers of consumers in our markets are able to choose higher quality products for which they are prepared to pay more. They seek spirits from trustworthy brands of better and more consistent quality than they were able to purchase historically. This can be through a desire to display their own success expertise values or lifestyle through their choice of brands but the behaviour can also be driven by the desire to retain accessible everyday luxuries when economic times are challenging. Affordable perceived high quality brands remain the preferred choice and spirits can be just such an affordable luxury. Diversification of drinking occasions The number and variety of drinking occasions in our markets is evolving over time with a gradual increase in on the go and out of home drinking occasions accompanying social change. These drinking occasions are a growing part of consumption routines and open up opportunities for different formats and pack sizes. At home drinking is diversifying with a move from traditional meal associated usage to contemporary needs such as connoisseurship by choosing higher quality spirits as a reward at the end of the day. Increased spirits consumption amongst females and young adults Changes in society in our markets are prompting greater consumption by female and young adult drinkers and these consumers seek different tastes and alcohol by volume to those available historically. Flavoured spirits and relatively lower alcohol spirits have grown faster than traditional spirits in recent years as females and younger adult drinkers seek easy drinkability and tastes which appeal to mixed gender groups of friends. There is also a growing desire for innovation and novelty as these consumers see their drinks choice as a means of selfexpression and want to drink new and different flavours.