The Group has had another busy year bringing on new clients while coping with changing market conditions. We are very much a people business and everyone has been asked to row just a little harder during the year and I am delighted that they have risen to the challenge. I would like to thank all our staff for their adaptability and enthusiasm. We have been able to increase the number of employees who hold options during the year meaning that twothirds of our staff now hold options enabling them to share in our success. The team at ULS looks forward to the coming year. Peter Opperman Nonexecutive Chairman ULS Technology plc 26 June 2017 ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 06 Revenue 22.3m Revenue is generated principally from the completion of conveyancing cases and also the associated sales of searches and ID checks. EBITDA underlying 5.1m EBITDA underlying excludes exceptional items see reconciliation on page 16. Peter Opperman Nonexecutive Chairman 20.7m 2016 22.3m 2017 16.1m 2015 16.3m 2014 10.6m 2013 4.5m 2016 5.1m 2017 3.4m 2015 2.7m 2014 1.7m 2013 07 ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our business model What we provide for our customers We bring customers and legal professionals together via housing market comparison services delivered through our systems. We partner with solicitors and conveyancing firms to create panels that compete for customer business on price location and service rating. Customer Introducer 1 2 3 4 Solicitor 5 7 6 PAYMENT PAYMENT PAYMENT 1 A house buyer approaches a mortgage broker or other intermediary. 2 The mortgage broker uses the ULS eConveyancer platform to identify a solicitor to undertake the conveyancing filtering by price location service rating and the users requirements. 3 The ULS platform instructs the selected solicitor to undertake the conveyancing. 4 The solicitor sends their letter of engagement to the house buyer executes the conveyancing and invoices the house buyer on completion of the transaction. 5 The house buyer pays the solicitor typically as part of the transaction completion monies. 6 The solicitor pays fees to ULS via the eConveyancer platform. Solicitors also generate additional revenues for ULS by using the platform to perform legal searches and ID checks. 7 ULS remits a proportion of the fees to the mortgage broker or other intermediary. ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 08 How we create value for stakeholders Benefits for Customers Benefits for Introducers Benefits for Solicitors ULS aims to reduce the cost of services to users by creating price competition between providers. ULS increases the choice of services available to users by aggregating a broad range of providers via a single platform. ULS provides ratings on its providers helping the customer to make an informed choice. ULS enables intermediaries to offer users a broad range of conveyancing services from a wide choice of providers in a range of locations at competitive prices. ULS enables intermediaries to access multiple related services from a single interface helping them to generate multiple sales from the user in one sitting and to increase profitability. ULS userfriendly simple clickthrough interface is designed to reduce the time taken to complete the sales process further enhancing broker ROI. ULS connects service providers with a large pool of potential clients via intermediaries increasing work flow at a low cost of acquisition. ULS provides a platform for service providers such as law firms who have low brand recognition raising their profile and helping them attract new business. Scope Volume Reward Market Reach Time saving Cost Saving Choice Service OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 09 ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 Our market Over the period housing transactions have declined significantly compared to the previous year and are markedly below long term average levels. The year saw two unique events. Firstly there was a hangover from the rush for BuytoLet Landlords to complete purchases before a key Stamp Duty deadline and secondly in the summer of 2016 the market slowed down for a month or two following the EU Referendum outcome. Despite this ULS has continued its momentum and grown its share of conveyancing completions. Driver of demand Interest rates Driver of demand House building Driver of demand Housing transactions Driver of demand Mortgage lending ULS Technology Annual Report 2017 10 Our market The first half of the financial year started more quietly than is usually the case. Although ULS held no disproportionate exposure to BuytoLet the overall activity levels in the market were somewhat muted following the rush that led up to Stamp Duty changes for landlords. Activity recovered through Spring into the EU Referendum vote at which point things became markedly quieter before some sort of recovery got underway in September. It then held steady to the end of the financial year resulting overall in a year where transactions were down by 13 but where the fall had looked likely to be bigger at one point. In terms of housing transactions the year saw a rise in activity from first time buyers and a reduction in activity for subsequent movers and landlords buying property to let. ULS has a fairly typical exposure to all three segments and therefore has not unduly been affected by these movements. In terms of other market developments the Government produced its white paper to tackle the socalled housing crisis. This paper is tenure neutral effectively with policy assisting tenants as well as homeowners. General consensus is that there will be little if any market impact from this certainly in the short term and quite possibly in the medium and longer term too. One of the major challenges for the housing market is the lack of subsequent home movers. Many homeowners find it unnecessary or too expensive to move up a rung on the ladder. Changes to Stamp Duty havent helped certainly in London and have hindered other areas. The result of few people moving from one home to another is reduced housing stock for sale.