So whether youre in the mood for the perfect steak close to home or a pint of real ale and some hearty food in a buzzing town centre pub weve a business to suit every occasion. FOUR DIVISIONS DRIVING MARKET SHARE of total sales 22 of total sales 30 of total sales 26 of total sales 22 Number of sites 316 Our businesses located in city centre and large town locations. Number of sites 478 Our branded food offers with high food sales. Number of sites 400 Our businesses with high spend per head and food sales. Number of sites 501 Our pub businesses with higher drinks sales as a proportion of total sales. 12 Mitchells Butlers plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Alex 43 sites If youre out in a German city centre these classic bars are the perfect places to stop for a beer and a bite to eat. CITY PREMIUM RESTAURANTS PUBS All Bar One 55 sites From cocktails to a wellchosen bottle of wine or an excellent meal youll find something to suit you in our stylish city bars. Browns 25 sites Since the first Browns opened in 1973 its been providing delicious food and drink and superb service in beautiful surroundings. Nicholsons 77 sites Youll feel right at home in these traditional city and town centre pubs that have been loved since our first pub opened in 1873. Castle 115 sites If you like a place with real personality pull up a chair in one of our urban pubs serving the best draught beer and great food. Crown Carveries 24 sites We serve a traditional roast dinner with a great choice of delicious joints every day of the week. Miller Carter 84 sites We put everything into pursuing the perfect steak at Miller Carter so only the finest cuts make it to your plate. Toby Carvery 164 sites We lay on a feast of tender slowcooked meats eight lots of veg including crispy ruffled roasties and all the trimmings. Vintage Inns 189 sites We manage some of the best country pubs in the UK all offering modern pub food and outstanding drinks. Premium Country 126 sites Our traditional pubs have been stylishly refurbished to make them the perfect place to find a cosy corner and take time out. Ember Inns 147 sites Relaxed and welcoming suburban pubs. We serve the best cask ales and classic pub food with a twist in stylish environments. Harvester 208 sites A welcoming place for families to spend time together have fun and share the pleasure of good honest food. Stonehouse 82 sites Alongside our traditional carvery we serve up handmade pizza made with fresh dough plus burgers and pub classics at a great price. High Street 112 sites Our High Street pubs are the perfect place for decent food and quality beer and at prices that put other pubs to shame. Suburban 242 sites A collection of the friendliest pubs. What unites these pubs is unbeatable value for money generosity and bighearted service. Annual report and accounts 2017 Mitchells Butlers plc 13 STRATEGIC REPORT 1 TO 43 GOVERNANCE 44 TO 87 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 88 TO 139 OTHER INFORMATION 140 TO 144 Chief Executives business review WELL PLACED TO DELIVER CONTINUED OUTPERFORMANCE This year has been a period of strong operational achievement for Mitchells Butlers with a sustained return to likeforlike sales growth. Phil Urban Chief Executive 14 Mitchells Butlers plc Annual report and accounts 2017 It is now two years since I became CEO of Mitchells Butlers and I feel that we have covered a lot of ground. When new to the role we were feeling the pain from all the new supply that had opened on our doorsteps over the previous 18 months. Our sales were declining we were tracking c.3 behind our competitors as measured by the Peach Tracker and with unprecedented cost headwinds on the horizon we knew we had to do something different. We laid out our three strategic priorities that we felt we needed to address that we continue to work towards today namely rebalancing our portfolio driving a commercial edge to the way we do business and also instilling an innovation ethos across all that we do. In February 2016 we launched a programme of work designed to meet these priorities which I believe is now bearing real fruit. Unashamedly our first objective was to restore the business to sales growth as without that it was difficult to see how we could move forward. It is this programme of work that has driven the sales recovery with the capital investment programme our sales training and ethos and our investment in and adoption of reputation.com as our tool to listen to our guests coupled with better informed pricing decisions being the driving forces. We can not and will not let up on the drive to grow sales. However we think we have identified the right levers that will continue to strengthen our position. Despite this progress we still saw our profit decline last year and so attention more latterly has been focused on the opportunities we have to drive efficiency. To that end we have numerous initiatives that we have been working on that we believe will start to change the gearing of our business.