In addition we were proud to be voted 2nd best online retailer in the UK in the annual Which Survey in October 2016 and just after our year end AO was named Best UK Retailer by the public in GlobalDatas 2017 Customer Satisfaction Awards previously the Verdict Retail Awards. There is no better testament to our service than the feedback from our customers and this award highlights the continuing strength of our commitment to ensure our customers receive the best possible service. Europe We are enjoying good customer feedback in both territories with NPS scores remaining outstanding at over 85. AO.de had a Trusted Shops score of 4.8 out of 5 and AO.nl had a Trustpilot score of 9.6 out of 10 at our year end and repeat business is already building momentum. Our brand new regional distribution centre RDC in Bergheim serving Germany and the Netherlands became fully operational in September 2016. With 35000m 2 of warehouse space the RDC allows us to improve product availability for our customers and promote brand awareness. The RDC comprises a head office allowing the retail and logistics divisions to become more cohesive drive efficiencies and embed a consistent AO culture. With a capacity of five times our previous facility we are well resourced to fulfil our future growth. We have partnered with thirdparty logistics firms to better serve customers in more remote areas while also reducing delivery costs working closely with them to ensure that their service meets our high expectations. As we increase scale and drive efficiencies we plan to add additional outbases to our existing infrastructure replicating our UK model. To improve the customer proposition further during the year we introduced electrical premium installations in Germany and plan to extend this offering in the Netherlands during the current financial year. We have also introduced Live Chat functionality and have launched the MyAO app. As in the UK we also intend to implement Customer Labs into our European operations as we seek to understand customer needs and behaviours in these territories and tailor our offering accordingly. As reported at the half year the warranty product we offer on behalf of DG has not achieved the volumes we were expecting in Europe but as part of our new agreement with DG we are seeking to work together to develop the product and its promotion to be more effective in this market. We will also look to launch a Dutch warranty offering during the course of the year ahead. Priorities next year We will do more of the same. As we grow across categories and countries we need to ensure we do not lose our focus on delighting our customers. We are looking to build on the results of the Customer Lab and tailor the web journey to meet different customers needs to build on the selfservice strategy but to retain our personal touch. Development of the My AO app to become fully transactional is now in progress and we expect this to be launched in the coming months. In conjunction with DG we will look to develop a better warranty product for our customers with better benefits and a more digital offering. We will also seek to expand on the customer finance offering to provide customers with alternative ways to purchase our products. We will strive to maintain our excellent NPS scores and marketleading Trustpilot scores. As we enter new categories we need to ensure that we continue to deliver a great proposition and the same level of exceptional customer service we offer in existing categories so that our reputation and industrywide acknowledgements will be maintained and our brand never compromised and customers continue to make repeat purchase. AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 25 Overview Strategic Report Our Governance Our Results Shareholders Information Overview Strategic Report Our Governance Our Results Shareholders Information AO World Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 25 60.0 50.0 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 0.0 UK customers vs repeat customers New customers Repeat customers Repeat June 2008 June 2009 June 2010 June 2011 June 2012 June 2013 June 2014 June 2015 June 2016 Floorcare MDA MDA AV AV Computing SDA Air Treatment Heating de Appliances Online launched Appliances Online becomes AO.com SDA SDA AV com 2000 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 nl 2012 Customers tend to shop this category differently to others and we therefore had to develop ways of demystifying products to make them easier to understand to give customers the best choice whilst changing our backend operations to utilise dropship vendor methodology. Additionally as there are different pre and postsales requirements we had to ensure that our call centre staff were trained to handle and deal with specific and sometimes rather technical queries. Product information and customer advice are the key areas where we believe AO can demonstrate a difference to the existing market and hardware and software brands have been supportive of our different approach to the category. We are now in the process of defining the next stage of the Computing category making logical additions to our existing range. Research into new complementary areas continues and we are confident we can utilise the disciplines we have learnt from the launch of computing to bring more value to customers in the future. We have seen some challenges in the MDA category over the past few months with market data suggesting the market in the UK has decreased yearonyear. However we have continued to gain market share and our increasing importance as a channel to market for the leading brands has helped us grow product margin in this category. Whilst we had a strong performance in the first half of the year in the second half MDA margin was under pressure following price inflation.