Exposure to cyber threats and the potential impact is greater in Financial Services than in other businesses. We have invested considerable time and resources in order to protect our businesses. Additionally we have invested in training and system monitoring to limit the impact caused by any potential interruption. Integration of Acquisitions During the prior year the Group acquired 100 of the equity in Ampersand Management which had offices in Geneva and Mauritius. This acquisition together with that of Balmor Management has had a very beneficial impact on the performance of our Geneva operations and the teams are fully integrated into the existing PraxisIFM business. The Group has successfully integrated the Confiance team and clients into our Guernsey Trust operation and the combined business is performing above our initial expectations at the time of acquisition. The UK Fund Administration business acquired in 2015 has been fully integrated into our Fund Administration Division. Acquisitions and New Ventures During this Financial Year the Group made two further acquisitions and opened one new operation. Cavendish Corporate Investments is a Guernsey company specialising in the business of writing pensions and annuities on human life and bespoke annuities. Ryland Gray is based in the United Arab Emirates and specialises in the administration of End of Service Benefit Schemes. The Group was delighted to obtain the first license for Trust Administration in Abu Dhabi Global Markets. Subsequent to the year end the Group also obtained the first license for Fund Administration in Abu Dhabi Global Markets. Summary We have had a busy 12 months and I would like to take the opportunity to thank everyone who has helped the Group to date. Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 www.praxisifm.com 6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW The PraxisIFM Group is a multijurisdiction specialist provider of administration and reporting services to the Trust and Corporate Fund and Pension sector. Trust Corporate Services Trust Corporate Services Division administers structures for International Corporate Family Office and high net worth individuals. The teams provide fiduciary reporting accountancy and administrative services for a variety of structures. The Group works closely with clients in tandem with their professional advisors to deliver complete service solutions. The strategic aims of the division are to retain and grow its client base and to continue to widen and deepen its referral network with key introducers in target markets whilst maintaining its reputation for providing quality service. Pension Services The Pension Services Division includes the Trireme brand and administers a variety of personal and corporate pensions. The strategic aims of the Pension division are to build on its existing referral network and to expand its abilities in international corporate pensions servicing. Fund Services The Funds Services Division administers funds with focus on debt equity fund of funds private equity infrastructure and property. The majority of the funds are structured as closed ended although open ended funds are administered. Fund services include listings risk analysis bookkeeping and accounting valuations preparation of financial statements company secretarial compliance registrar and project management of new fund launches. The strategic aim of the funds division is to grow in tandem with existing clients as well as to source new mandates through targeted jurisdictional marketing. Additional Services In addition to the three main divisions the Group offers a number of complementary services the principal ones being fund management treasury services and asset finance. The Group can trace its roots back over 45 years and since 2015 the Group has consolidated its two offices in Geneva and unified its operations on a common operational platform. This allows the Group to offer certain services across the enlarged Group and facilitate the centralisation of certain operational functions. The Group has also made acquisitions in Guernsey Malta Geneva Dubai and the UK as well as setting up operations in Abu Dhabi and disposing of part of its joint venture in United Ventures Limited. The Group has offices in Guernsey Jersey Geneva Malta Luxembourg Mauritius New Zealand the UK Abu Dhabi and Dubai. The Group has a mixed client base which is welldiversified with no single client comprising more than 3.29 per cent of annual billings in the financial year ended 30 April 2017. Furthermore the top 10 clients accounted for less than 14.52 per cent of billings in the financial year ended 30 April 2017. 7 www.praxisifm.com Annual Report for the year ended 30 April 2017 STAKEHOLDER RELATIONS The Group places significant value on its stakeholder relationships with particular focus on employees regulators shareholders and the local communities in which it operates. Clients Our clients are at the heart of everything we do. We pride ourselves on providing our clients with dedicated and highly experienced professionals who can provide them with an efficient informed and intelligent service. Providing community to our clients is a key factor in delivering a high quality service and our low staff turnover rates are testament to the importance we place on our clients and our people. Employees The Group recognises that our most valuable resource is our people. They build relationships create value for clients drive shareholder value and contribute significantly to the Groups identity through delivery of service excellence. Professional development is encouraged at every level with staff fully supported in their studies for professional qualifications. Engaging with supporting and investing in employees is essential to the Groups continued success and the following specific initiatives have been undertaken with this in mind Graduate training scheme to recruit promising individuals and provide exposure to all areas of the business. Buy As You Earn share scheme so that staff can take ownership of the Group and have a vested interest in its continued growth. Continued support for our staff in selecting and attending external courses that fit in with personal development objectives and ongoing technical requirements.