At intu we are still seeing key retailers taking more space and investing for the long term in our centres as they recognise the footfall we deliver and our ability to create more reasons for customers to visit and stay longer. The underlying strengths of the intu business were much in evidence in 2017 as shown by our robust overall performance. David Fischel Chief Executive intu properties plc Annual report 2017 8 Our energies are also concentrated on ensuring all our centres evolve with consumer and retailer needs so that they deliver sustainable growth. Keeping our centres at the forefront of peoples minds requires continual focus on bringing in new attractions be it a key retailer or restaurant or a compelling leisure attraction. In addition to delivering our target return hurdles our projects innovate what we offer our customers and keep us at the leading edge of the shopping centre industry. Nowhere will this be more obvious than at our groundup scheme in Spain intu Costa del Sol where we have the opportunity to create a world class centre delivering our signature shopping resort product and showcasing our expertise. Operational excellence is a clear differentiator in both the UK and Spain. Our knowledge and insight are important as is our culture and living our values bold creative and genuine which underpin everything that we do. Our culture is embodied by our brand which has become recognised throughout the shopping centre industry with intu a byword for fantastic customer service motivated and enthusiastic staff expert mall operations and good corporate citizenship. Our skill in this area is recognised by the partners we have brought into the business in the last few years including CPPIB LaSalle Investment Management and TH Real Estate. The ability to partner on assets allows us to astutely recycle and allocate capital to deliver superior returns. With over 800 million of cash and committed facilities our nancial position is very sound. Total nancial return 5.2 UK nearterm development pipeline 562m Utilising technology The retail industry has been embracing new technology like never before as retailers increasingly see tech as a catalyst for creating new business opportunities rather than a threat. Retailers are nding ingenious ways to shape their technological infrastructures dene their online presence and drive engagement with customers. At intu we adapted and changed our business model in 2013 to offer a seamless multichannel proposition. This year we began working with seven tech startups as part of intu Accelerate our incubator programme which has been trialling a range of new ideas in our shopping centres from robotic customer services assistants to an online personal shopper service. And while few new shopping centres are being built in the UK we aim to be on site at intu Costa del Sol in Spain next year to build a groundbreaking shopping resort that takes everything we have been putting into practice over the last few years in the UK to a whole new level. Read more about our innovation on page 23 Our culture In one way we are a simple business with a focus on creating the best shopping centre experience. Our culture is driven by a singleminded purpose to make our customers feel better about life through a visit to one of our centres. This is an important part of the intu difference and a cause of our success. We encourage all our employees to look at things differently and creatively to consider carefully and then act boldly and genuinely. Strategic report 9 Chief Executives review Our 2018 strategy Our results highlight the underlying strength of the intu business based on the strategic objectives we have pursued over the last few years. For 2018 we are enhancing our strategy to build on this strong base Over the last three years we have focused on four strategic objectives and consistently delivered against these with 2017 being another strong year of results. These objectives have seen us optimising our assets and growing likeforlike net rental income delivering awardwinning developments building a business in Spain and maximising our operations through our brand. In Spain we now own three top10 centres and are on target to begin the construction of intu Costa del Sol. Our challenge is no longer to build a business in Spain we are now an established national player. Our brand is ve years old and is a recognised market leader with a distinctive approach and clear purpose. Knowing this and with an eye on the potential challenges facing us in a changing market we are tilting the emphasis of our objectives to increase our focus on the growth and continuing excellence of our agship destinations in the UK and Spain. We set out our objectives in more detail below. By delivering a compelling mix of retail catering and leisure each of our agship destinations generally draws footfall of 20 million or more and the average customer stays for over two hours. We use our insight expertise and innovation to ensure that they are the destinations of choice for our customers. Priorities in 2018 ensure the leisure extension at intu Lakeside remains on target complete the aquarium and Nickelodeon leisure attractions at Madrid Xanad commence the redevelopment and repositioning of Barton Square further improving the tenant mix at intu Trafford Centre complete the nal planning consents at intu Costa del Sol Likeforlike net rental income growth is our key income measure. Given our relatively low cost base and xed nance costs growing our net rental income drives earnings and ultimately dividend and total property return.