2016 will see the opening of Victoria Gate Leeds which together with Victoria Quarter will create the leading aspirational retail offer in the north of England. The next 18 months will also see us make advancements on our major London development schemes including moving towards starting onsite at Brent Cross and Croydon. These schemes are set to deliver retail assets of the future and further differentiate our longterm investment proposition. 11 16.6 17.7 19.1 20.4 22.3 12 13 14 15 Chart 1 Dividend per share pence 7.7 CAGR STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 9 HAMMERSON.COM STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 9 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW In conversation with David Atkins Chief Executive 140k downloads More happened for retailers WHAT ARE THE CURRENT TRENDS FOR RETAILERS TAKING MORE SPACE The increase in occupancy across the Group to 97 .7 reflects the continued strong demand from retail and leisure tenants for prime space. With the growth in multichannel retailing tenants are looking to position a greater share of their stores in the best locations. This trend plays well to our strategy of owning and operating prime shopping centres in key regional destinations. We have successfully worked with major international tenants during 2015 to create flagship stores including three Victorias Secret stores and a new twolevel Hugo Boss at Cabot Circus. Retailers are also creating more innovative store designs and formats. We are delighted with the River Island Style Studio at Bullring a new concept for the brand offering customers a VIP personalstyling service in a relaxed and contemporary setting. The store has performed exceptionally well since opening and is now one of the best in River Islands portfolio. Increasingly discerning retailers want a portfolio of stores to match the full range of ways in which their customers shop. We are wellpositioned to respond to retailers requirements for a multiformat presence. Fat Face is a good example of this upsizing its footprint at Union Square in Aberdeen in April and also taking its first store on a retail park in England when we opened the doors at our newly developed shopping park at Elliotts Field Rugby. In fact the trend for traditional fashion and department store brands to bring their full offering closer to the convenience shopper was evident throughout the year with names such as Debenhams MS and Next all taking space across our retail parks. Furthermore we are able to offer retailers a European footprint covering the UK France and now Ireland. In France our focus on reinvigorating the portfolio is delivering results. The team are focused on identifying the new and emerging international brands that will resonate with our panEuropean customers. During the year we welcomed 25 new brands to our French portfolio notably including four retailers first store in France. WHAT ELSE ARE YOU DOING TO SUPPORT RETAILERS IN YOUR CENTRES It is our responsibility as a landlord to drive healthy footfall for our retail tenants and create new experiences for shoppers to encourage greater dwell time. We saw visitor numbers up 1.1 in UK shopping centres this year. This result was encouraging and we outperformed the wider market which was down 1.9 yearonyear according to Springboard. No doubt a significant factor in our success is our Product Experience Framework which drives a constant and evolving programme of events popups and interactive experiences for shoppers. We have launched click collect in four of our centres with strong results. More than 85 of shoppers using the service at Brent Cross go on to shop drink or dine whilst in the centre. Our investment in digital infrastructure and technology across the shopping centre portfolio is also demonstrating encouraging results. Our Plus app has now been rolled out across the entire estate of shopping centres in the UK and France. The app a personalised shopping companion enables us to communicate in realtime with our shoppers in a tailored way. It gives us greater insight into consumer shopping habits which we can then analyse and share with our retail tenants to improve the customer offer. To date the app has achieved over 140000 downloads. Occupancy 97.7 OParinor Paris Bullring Birmingham 10 10 HAMMERSON PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2015 More happened for shoppers WHAT DIFFERENTIATES YOUR OFFER FOR SHOPPERS For us being the Best at Retail means being at the forefront of new retail trends and concepts. As retail specialists we are able to draw on the strength of our relationships to ensure we bring the right mix of leading international brands and new innovative concepts to our shopping destinations across Europe. During the year we welcomed premium British fashion brand All Saints to Les Terrasses du Port in Marseille representing the brands debut in a French shopping centre and leveraging our reputation for retail excellence in France we secured leases with Sandro and Sraphine at Victoria Quarter representing firsts for both aspirational French boutiques in Leeds. VIA Outlets introduced more international luxury brands thanks to the partnership with Value Retail including Brooks Brothers at Landquart Zurich and Desigual at Kungsbacka Gothenburg. To differentiate our offer and give consumers more reasons to visit our centres with greater frequency we are increasingly looking beyond pure retail to provide entertaining and exciting experiences. We opened the impressive Wintergarden at Silverburn a 35 million 10900m 2 dining and leisure development anchored by a 14screen Cineworld and featuring 11 new restaurants including Carluccios Five Guys and Glasgows first Thaikhun. In the first six months after opening the Wintergarden the centre saw a 4 increase in customer dwell time and a 5 increase in sales demonstrating the importance of creating customer experiences that bring the whole family together. Across our UK shopping centre portfolio leisure and dining now accounts for 14 of space and with trends showing additional growth in the casual dining market we see opportunities to increase this further in 2016.