Chairman s statement Strategic report Governance Accounts Other information Intu Properties plc Annual Report 2014 intugroup.co.uk Strategic report 7 Dividends Y our Directors are recommending a final dividend of 9.1 pence per share bringing the amount paid and payable in respect of 2014 to 13.7 pence unchanged from the bonus factor adjusted 2013 dividend. A scrip dividend alternative will be offered. Looking forward Over the last few years we have positioned ourselves for the upturn in the economy. I believe we are now beginning to see sustained though small improvements in disposable income generally responding to wage increases running ahead of inflation and lower fuel prices. Uncertainties and fragility remain and this is not confined just to the economic sphere some measure of caution is still therefore desirable. Retailers have also had a good end to 2014 which along with improved consumer confidence should see them growing their businesses. Through the enhancements we have been making to our centres in terms of the retail and leisure mix our world class customer service and our digital platform we are well placed to deliver a favourable trading environment for retailers. We will continue to build our business in Spain driving our developments there forward to replicate our successful UK model. We remain focused on delivering strong returns over the medium term through rental growth in our existing assets superior returns from our development pipeline and the increasing strength of our brand. Patrick Burgess Chairman 27 February 2015 Shareholder return in 2014 2 4 2013 7 Reduction in C0 2 emissions since 2011 3 0 Corporate responsibility Our centres make an important contribution to their local neighbourhood both because of their location and our close and necessary engagement with the communities around us. Responding to our corporate responsibility is an integral part of our commercial life through community environmental and stakeholder initiatives. Our success in this field has been validated by the achievement of several highprofile awards. We once again achieved the Business in the Community CommunityMark award one of only 52 companies to be accredited. This year we were awarded the Best in continuing Carbon Reduction at the Carbon T rust Standard Bearers Awards for decreasing our carbon emissions by 30 per cent in three years. Y ou can read more about this amazing achievement on page 51. Throughout the year we have run projects encouraging and supporting employee mentoring and volunteering. Our people I would like to record my thanks to the Board and with my fellow Directors our thanks to all our staff for their commitment and dedication to intus values and vision in the year. The creation of intu Retail Services in 2013 has led to a greater sense of unity within the Group and in 2014 we have not neglected to ensure that all our staff have the right skills and training for their roles Through these endeavours we have seen a more motivated and committed workforce with a dramatic reduction in staff who leave within their first year of service. I am glad to report that our approach was recognised when we received the Premises Facilities Management Partner in Retail Facilities award this year. We are the only shopping centre business to be accredited by the Institute of Customer Service. Read more on pages 3237. In 2014 we have positioned ourselves to take full advantage of the recovery in the economy Intu Properties plc Annual Report 2014 intugroup.co.uk Strategic report 8 Business model Our customers are at the heart of everything we do. We are passionate about providing them with a compelling shopping experience so we ensure their needs inform every stage of our business model. Putting our customers first ultimately creates value for our shareholders Balanced approach to risk intu brand Longterm focus Talented employees Our enablers Robust capital structure 4 Generating value for shareholders 1 Creating compelling experiences 2 Establishing enduring relationships with retailers 3 Delivering longterm growth Our customers Strategic report Governance Accounts Other information Intu Properties plc Annual Report 2014 intugroup.co.uk Strategic report 9 Talented employees Pro f essional mo tiva t ed and empowered t eams specia lis ts in their fiel d f ocused on creating mutuall y beneficial opportunities and relationships with partners. p32 for more information 1 Creating compelling experiences The value we add We provide customers with a shopping experience that attracts people for longer more often We use insights from our indepth customer research to understand what customers want from their shopping experience. T o satisfy this expectation our centres need to provide not only the right mix of retail leisure and catering but also a distinctive events programme digital connectivity and moments of surprise and delight. T oday our focus is on actively managing and developing our centres which are in some of the best locations across the country. 2 Establishing enduring relationships with retailers The value we add We help retailers flourish By creating great experiences for customers we generate powerful footfall that attracts and retains the right mix of retailers and catering and leisure operators for our centres. Our high footfall locations along with the quality of the intu brand give tenants the confidence that they can roll out nationally with intu. We maintain effective relationships and engage our tenants in the plans for and developments of our centres. 3 Delivering longterm growth The value we add Sustainable value to our shareholders and the communities in which we operate Through our brand we create uniquely compelling experiences that surprise and delight our customers. This coupled with our scale and flexibility attracts retailers. We have nine of the UKs top 20 centres and more than half of the UKs population visit our centres each year. This ensures that occupancy remains strong. And this drives rental income over the long term.