In August 2017 we announced that our third franchise Jurassic World Evolution will launch in summer 2018 on PC PlayStation 4 and Xbox One simultaneously. In 2015 Universal Pictures Jurassic World became one of the biggest blockbusters in cinema history grossing more than 1.67billion at the global box office on its way to becoming the thirdhighestgrossing film of all time. Jurassic World Evolution will launch in the year that Universal Pictures celebrates the 25th anniversary of the original Jurassic Park film and the next chapter of the franchise Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom will be in theatres June 2018. We anticipate that the next stepup in our financial performance will be delivered by the launch of Jurassic World Evolution in summer 2018. The Board currently expect that the majority of initial revenues from this new franchise will fall into the financial year ending 31 May 2019 as the Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom movie is released in June 2018. The Board therefore anticipates that trading in the current financial year the twelve months ending 31 May 2018 will principally be based on sales from the Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster franchises. The Board is excited about the growth opportunities ahead in the coming years as existing franchises continue to be strengthened and new franchises are developed and launched. Frontier is developing evolving and investing in our people organisational structure and facilities to effectively create develop market and sell even more distinct franchises aimed at different audience segments to achieve the Companys ambition to create a selfpublishing multifranchise success story. STRATEGIC REPORT FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 05 DEVELOPING OUR BUSINESS TO ACHIEVE REPEATABLE SUCCESS We invest our development resources in games with strong franchise potential. In order to maximise the return on our core skills and assets we target game genres where we have established expertise and intellectual property. OUR STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL How we create and nurture our franchises a level more appropriate to the local economy as we did with Planet Coaster in China in February 2017. In particular we note the growing Chinese market for premium PC games. Importantly the recent strategic investment in our business by Tencent will allow us to more easily take advantage of their unparalleled expertise and distribution capabilities in their home market for our franchises. Major new releases will be key drivers of revenue. Because of the small number of franchises and relatively infrequent major releases Frontier is currently able to make revenue is sensitive to the specific schedule of such releases and may therefore exhibit stepped behaviour as those new franchises are released. In the future as we successfully scale the number and frequency of franchise releases annual revenue growth should accelerate and our dependency on each major release should decrease. Our development process uses our proprietary COBRA development tools and technology to facilitate innovative features and the creation of top quality selfpublished games with strong differentiation for the PC and console audiences. Our control of this technology also removes risk related to ongoing access to third party licensed technology alternatives risk relating to ability to fix uncovered problems in that technology and lack of control over the delivery dates and feature roadmap of such solutions. It also facilitates rapid response to market opportunities like support for virtual reality and augmented reality. We continue to assess the distribution channels and platforms we use to achieve an optimal addressable audience for each game and the monetisation strategy for each franchise. We participate in price promotions on each of the distribution platforms we use for each of our games as appropriate to its lifecycle stage allowing us to reach the widest possible audience. We also monitor the geographical performance of our franchises and will continue to look for opportunities to tailor our local price to We continue to invest in our organisation to create a model of repeatable success. To accelerate our progress and increase the frequency of launches we are scaling up our organisation not just in terms of staff numbers but also in terms of leadership skills training organisational structure and process. We are also investing in facilities. It is our belief that having all our people in Cambridge working together in a single building will maximise our operational effectiveness and efficiency and in spring 2018 we will achieve this when we move into new office space on the Cambridge Science Park. Our development focus is on PC and console titles as together these segments represent the majority of the available market by revenue and generally the audiences on these platforms have valued games that exhibit Frontiers key development strengths. We use online channels to create and engage with a fanbase or community during game development which provides a valuable source of feedback and an enthusiastic community for each franchise before first release. BUILDING PLAYER NUMBERS AND ENGAGEMENT CREATE Frontier uses experience gained from a track record in the games industry over three decades to create franchises that build on our worldclass expertise. HIGH QUALITY INNOVATIVE EXPERIENCES NURTURE Frontier avoids paytowin features instead continuing to expand each franchise offering through an ongoing program of free and paidfor expansions and addons BOOST PLAYER EXPERIENCE INCREASING AWARENESS FRONTIER DEVELOPMENTS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 06 In order to maximise the return on our core skills and assets we target game genres on PC and console platforms where we believe we can both i deliver high quality differentiated offerings using our established expertise and intellectual property and ii have a strong chance of successful market entry based on past experience or knowledge of that sector. We use this repeatable model to invest our resources with the intention of creating worldclass games with strong franchise potential and plan for strong postlaunch franchise support to further help realise this potential.