to adjust the level of investment and resources and to provide enhanced operational resilience. We think this is in the interests of our customers. Martin Rolfe Chief Executive has built a strong management team. I would like to express my thanks to them and all of our employees for their hard work and dedicated service to the company. Dr Paul Golby CBE FREng Chairman Chairmans statement NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 09 Progress Chief Executives review Martin Rolfe Overall we made good progress in implementing our strategic objectives this year and achieved all but one of the priorities we set ourselves. I was pleased with our performance as we handled the most rapid growth in air traffic volumes in a decade while in parallel continuing to make changes to our operation. Priorities for 2017 How we did Provide a safe efficient and reliable service every day from our airports and centres Deliver SESAR technology and transform the business for the future Complete the introduction of iTEC into Scottish Upper Airspace Deploy and operate electronic flight strips in Swanwick Terminal Control Win and retain commercial business Establish a remote tower capability Establish further strategic partnerships with our airport customers Achieve Mode S Surveillance capability for Project Marshall NATS Holdings Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report 10 Progress Provide a safe efficient and reliable service every day This year we safely handled 7.6 more flights than last year. We saw high growth rates in international flights particularly from London airports and the volume of North Atlantic flights exceeded its previous peak in 2008. The number of flights was also higher than projected by the Civil Aviation Authority CAA in our Performance Plan for Reference Period 2 RP2 20152019 which while challenging to handle operationally has benefited our revenue. The basic structure of the UKs airspace its routes sectors and holding patterns was designed over 50 years ago when traffic volumes were far lower than they are today. Airspace in the South East is now operating to its maximum capacity during the busiest times of the year. When the airspace is at capacity our service performance is very sensitive to the timing and distribution of traffic flows across the country. This was evident last summer when periods of bad weather combined with industrial action in neighbouring countries causing flights to divert into UK airspace changed the patterns of flight across the UK. We faced similar operational challenges when particularly high demand coincided with the introduction of new systems e.g. iTEC into our operation. Our primary objective is to ensure that irrespective of the prevailing conditions all flights are handled safely. For this reason on certain days we regulated traffic flows in some sectors of airspace to maintain safety which resulted in more air traffic delay than has been seen in recent years and slightly more than our regulatory targets anticipated. However at no point did our performance fall outside of the bounds of the RP2 Performance Scheme targets which was very good considering the scale of traffic growth. Our service was also extremely good in comparison to Europe with delay amounting to one third of the European average. Learning from last summer we have been working closely with airlines airports and the CAA over the winter to assess demand across the UK airspace network and to develop a strategy to minimise delay this summer. Deliver SESAR technology and transform the business for the future The longer term solution to minimising delay during periods of high demand is the combination of new technology and modern UK airspace structures. The process of modernising airspace started in the previous financial year but further stages have been paused pending Government consultation on a UK aviation strategy over the next year. We expect this strategy to include greater Government emphasis on airspace modernisation and its effect on those who are overflown. Modernising airspace will significantly increase its capacity but like runway capacity enhancement there are significant social and political hurdles such as public opposition to changing aircraft noise patterns to be overcome even when the noise impact is an overall improvement for a community. By engaging effectively with local communities alongside airports and airlines we can establish rules for respite and distribution that can help mitigate some of the noise impact on the ground. We also welcome Governments clear decision on the location of a new runway and a faster planning process to deliver it. We have already started working with Heathrow Airport and other stakeholders to review the design of the local airspace taking account of safety noise and other environmental considerations. We consulted customers during the year on a revised capital investment plan for RP2. This follows changes that we have seen in the business environment such as higher than expected traffic growth and progress made by the industry in developing SESAR technologies such as iTEC. In a programme we refer to as Deploying SESAR 5 we propose to accelerate the deployment of new technology to deliver capacity and safety benefits to customers more quickly while reducing our investment in legacy systems and their running costs. To achieve this we expect to invest up to 160m more than the RP2 Performance Plan assumed. In order to mitigate the impact of this additional investment on prices in future we have secured 100m of EU INEA funding and we are applying for a further 30m. As we deploy new technology we will be retiring our legacy systems. This requires significant change to our operation including the need to train our people in the use of these new systems and in new methods of operation. While the transition will be challenging we will be doing all we can to minimise any operational impacts for our customers.