In November the acquisition of Blakeleys Recycling Blakeleys was completed adding to our IC business over 3400 customers and a large modern and well positioned facility in the North West of England. The acquisitions provide further demonstration that Biffa is a natural consolidator in the industry. A Platform for Sustainable Growth Biffa is distinguished from its peers owing to its control of waste. This control of large quantities of waste is a tangible asset to our business whether that be through securing commercially attractive outlets for that waste or using the control of waste to underpin the development of infrastructure. We have continued to look at the opportunity open to us to invest in the continually growing Energy from Waste EfW market. There is a deficit of EfW infrastructure to deal with the residual waste arising in the UK. Biffa is very Strong cash management and capital discipline continued in 201617. We kept tight control of our operating cash flows. Underlying Free Cash Flow 1 was 28.8m substantially increased on the prior year once significant one off items are excluded. Our Reported Net Debt on 24 March 2017 was 246. 1m representing a multiple of 1.8 times Underlying EBITDA comfortably within our covenant level. Our Strategy Grow Develop Optimise Our strategy continues to deliver results and therefore remains unchanged. The Group is focused on executing a very clear three pronged strategy around growing market share developing services and infrastructure and optimising systems and processes and has demonstrated success in all these areas over the past 12 months. Firstly we have driven organic growth by leveraging our competitive advantages of scale technical expertise and service excellence to increase the volume of waste collected to 3.8m tonnes. We completed 5 attractive infill acquisitions in the fragmented UK waste market to deliver significant value as discussed in more detail below. The waste management industry continues to be one which evolves in a way that involves an ever increasingly complicated supply chain. This lends itself to larger players with the capital knowledge and technical abilities to respond quickly to these changes and customer needs. Secondly the ongoing strategic development of Biffas processing infrastructure and services is strongly evidenced across the business. This includes a new RDF plant in Southampton as well as advancements in glass processing soil treatment and polymers in the RRT division. Measured expansion of our capabilities enables us to capture more of the value inherent in each tonne of waste handled. well positioned to facilitate the development of these required facilities through our control of large quantities of waste. We are delighted to have reached an agreement with the leading EFW developer and operator Covanta to jointly explore on an exclusive basis the development of two much needed facilities in the North West and East Midlands. We look forward to reporting again in due course on the nature and extent of our potential involvement in these two projects. Our People and Community The success of Biffa throughout the year is in large part due to the unstinting effort and commitment of our 7 500 employees. I would like to personally thank all the people of Biffa for their hard work and dedication especially through a demanding listing process. We have worked hard on our employee engagement programmes over many years and I was delighted to see our employee engagement score improve once again. Biffas strategy is supported by sound business processes and a commitment to fulfilling our responsibilities to our employees and the wider community. We again made good progress with ensuring the health and safety of our employees and all other stakeholders. In particular during the year we delivered a 14.3 reduction in reported accidents based on RIDDOR data and saw improvements year on year with all other key safety indicators. This performance is the direct result of prioritising safety management and our efforts will continue in this important aspect of our business. We have also improved our environmental performance ensuring we continue to fulfil a vital role in society in as environmentally a sensitive manner as possible. Prospects Biffa is a successful business with significant potential. The prospects of the Group are positive thanks to a competitive market position stable operating environment and our ability to grow the business both organically and through acquisition. We have entered the new financial year with continued optimism and at this early stage we are confident that the Group will deliver results for the year in line with the Boards expectations. Ian Wakelin Chief Executive 13 June 2017 Our strategy continues to deliver results and therefore remains unchanged 1 See glossary COLLECTION PROCESSING AND TREATMENT END PRODUCTS Our collection services Landll if it can not be treated Refuse Derived Fuel Recyclate recovery Anaerobic Digestion Soil Treatment Composting Treatment of hazardous materials Energy Commodities Compost Soil Aggregates RDF to an EfW End products include Processes at Biffa facilities Through Biffas eet of waste collection vehicles. Biffa undertakes a variety of processes to maximise the recovery of value from the waste collected or to minimise the environmental impact of its disposal. Sent to reprocessors both within the UK and internationally. Waste collected by Biffa Municipal Waste collected by Biffa IC Transfer and bulking of waste 3rd party waste delivered Strategic Report www.biffa.co.uk 12 Biffa plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our Business Model Our business model is integrated and reflects the waste supply chain Biffa is present across the entire waste management supply chain from collection through to end products. This integrated model gives us the opportunity to add value at various stages in the chain and to benefit from a range of synergies including the sharing of operational assets and knowhow. For Biffa the waste we collect from our customers becomes an essential feedstock for the processing treatment and end products further down the waste supply chain.