I look forward to 2018 and beyond with continued passion and excitement. Gavin Lyons Chief Executive Officer 20 April 2018 248502 Tax Systems pp01pp05 17052018 1055 Page 05 STRATEGIC REPORT 06 TAX SYSTEMS PLC Annual Report 2017 Market Overview Regulators and media coverage A key focus of the Government together with the regulators is to increase tax revenues reduce tax evasion and ensure businesses are paying their fair share to support government spending reduce national debt and reduce annual deficits without the need to raise taxes. UK debt levels were at 1720 billion for the financial year ending March 2017 which represented 86.7 of Gross Domestic Product GDP. UK deficit levels were at 46.9 billion for the same period. As a result there is an everincreasing collaboration between governments and agencies especially since the financial crisis of 2007 and Panama Papers in 2016. Furthermore regulators are introducing a new wave of local and international compliance obligations along with investing in sophisticated digital platforms for greater data gathering and analysis all of which will assist them in achieving their objectives both efficiently and sustainably. In addition and due to tax becoming an everincreasing headline in the media how businesses communicate their approach to tax and the amount of tax paid is a key component in building trust reducing reputational risk and maintaining a good relationship with regulators shareholders and customers. When it comes to tax a business focus is no longer just about calculating and submitting the correct tax number rather having an agile tax function that can protect it from financial penalties or reputational damage. This tax function needs to be able to respond efficiently and accurately to the regulator in the event of noncompliance or an audit notification whilst offering proactive expert tax advice on strategic activities such as mergers and acquisitions disposals and geographical and operational structures. Growing reporting and transparency obligations In 2017 alone the UKs Finance No.2 Act 2017 was the longest in recent memory stretching to 665 pages compared to 187 pages in Finance Act 2018. New international reporting including the OECDs Common Reporting Standard CRS and Base Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS have come in to force in both the UK and Ireland. BEPS requires organisations with a group turnover of greater than 750 million to submit detailed transactional information on operations and group transfer pricing for each country they operate in on an annual basis. Furthermore from 2019 HMRCs Making T ax Digital MTD initiative will modernise the way tax is reported starting with VAT and then corporation tax which will result in a fourfold increase in reporting obligations. The Irish Revenue will be introducing realtime reporting of payroll taxes from January 2019. Last but not least there is now a legal requirement for all large businesses operating in the UK to publish their tax strategy if in the previous tax year the business had a turnover above 200 million or a balance sheet over 2 billion For groups and subgroups its the combined totals of all the relevant bodies that must be used. Regulator investment into digital platforms Regulators are leading the way in creating new digital platforms for the submission and gathering of tax data. Submission requirements will vary based on each specific country but most will specify a file format a deadline along with the tax and transactions to be included. The powerful part of collecting and storing data digitally is what can then be done by the regulators using analytical software. Data can be mined matched and shared to ultimately find ways of increasing tax collections and creating new reporting obligations to help meet their objectives. Due to the level of data regulators will hold the number of audit notices is likely to increase which will require swift responses from businesses and a greater level of quality and accuracy. Ultimately as with any data project this will end up with the regulator wanting to consume more and more data so that they can digest it and analyse how best to monetise the facts presented. Ultimately we will end up with the regulator wanting to drill down from any submitted tax number to see how it has been calculated and via what transactions. 248502 Tax Systems pp06pp17 17052018 1057 Page 06 STRATEGIC REPORT 07 TAX SYSTEMS PLC Annual Report 2017 Customer Challenge Overview Pain points currently impacting the current tax function The most commonly cited factors affecting the ability of a tax team to execute are fivefold which in no particular order are as follows The first is coping with the increased volume and complexity of regulations so that the business is protected from financial penalties or reputational damage in the event of non compliance. Linked to this is the ability to manage compliance across multiple jurisdictions and the ability to respond to tax authorities when under scrutiny. The second is the managing of the speed and accuracy of data most data is supplied by spreadsheet and requires manual collaboration between the tax and finance teams both locally and internationally. Getting consistent and correct data to be input into tax computations takes time and the difficulty in obtaining it can affect the quality of data. The third is the substantial manual effort required and often a lack of defined and documented activities processes and controls in order to ensure that a business is compliant with the relevant rules and regulations. The fourth is underinvestment in technology to automate manual activities enforce processes and controls manage the risk associated with the completion of the compliance cycle provide insight into continuous improvement and calculate and submit tax computations. Last but not least is the level of resources available and the changing nature of the skillset required from tax professionals. Such professionals need to have both the technical skills as well as an ability to adapt to and assist with the continuous improvement of processes controls and technology.