This represents a saving of 4000 per patient through an average reduction in stay of more than ten bed days per patient treated. It has been estimated that if this form of advanced cardiovascular care was implemented throughout the UK savings of up to 500 million per annum could be achieved for the NHS. Business review During the period we have made significant advances in the development of a truly worldwide sales and distribution network. In order to do so a number of regulatory milestones were reached in 2004 and in early 2005. We have paid particular attention to the European market as this is the most developed territory for the adoption of advanced minimally invasive cardiovascular monitoring. We have received full approvals for marketing in eight additional territories Italy Germany Austria Norway Sweden Denmark Ireland and Bulgaria. These latest registrations now provide LiDCO with full marketing approval in 13 European countries. F ollowing these additional registrations we are now selling product in a greatly expanded group of territories Germany Austria Italy Sweden Holland Belgium Denmark Czech Republic Croatia Spain Sweden Norway and the UK. We expect continued and significant sales growth in Europe during 2005. We also extended our sales reach in the US signing agreements with five regional distributors. We are supporting these distributors with our direct sales staff and will continue to appoint additional organisations throughout 2005. Our Chief Executives review T erry OBrien Hospitals will always need to maintain a high standard of patient care which means a constant need for the latest technology despite budget restraints. LiDCO Group plc Annual Report January 2005 6 focused on realtime beat to beat display of critical parameters ambition is to achieve full coverage of the US market through a mixed direct and distributor sales force. In May 2004 the Company announced it had contracted with Philips Medical Systems Philips to create a communications link between LiDCOs proprietary standalone monitoring system LiDCOplus Monitor and Philips patient monitors via the Philips Open VueLink Interface protocol. The communications link allows Philips customers access to LiDCOs proprietary minimallyinvasive hemodynamic monitoring data on the IntelliVue Patient Monitor. The integration of critical care parameters and hemodynamic data derived from the LiDCOplus monitor will allow a fuller picture of the patients condition and history to be displayed and accessed throughout the hospital. I am pleased to say that this communication link software has now been completed and launched. In addition for those hospitals without Phillips monitors we have provided a real time ethernet based communication feature. This means that LiDCO monitors can now be interfaced through both proprietary and inexpensive non proprietary protocols. This is a major step forward as hospital information systems can now be updated with LiDCOs oxygen delivery data shown by the St. Georges trial to be fundamental to improving outcomes for surgical patients. We believe that there is a growing requirement from intensive care staff and the hospital administration for the provision and clinical audit of such crucial information. Our experience is that interconnectivity of hemodynamic monitors to hospital information systems is becoming a key part of the hemodynamic monitor purchase specification. Our PC based monitor approach is highly flexible and able to accommodate this developing requirement. Trading review Sales margins and placing In the period turnover was modestly down in comparison to 2003. This was a consequence of our continuing strategy to promote monitor rental and disposable sales at the expense of oneoff revenues from capital sales to distributors and hospitals. Revenues in 2003 were also boosted by the receipt of an initial 0.7 million stocking order from Japan. Thus the overall revenue figure disguises the underlying strong growth of revenue in Europe and the US which was increased by 32 over the previous year. This reflects continued encouraging levels of disposable usage and the expansion in the installed monitor base up 30 from 591 to 770 systems. Overall disposable sales increased strongly in the period up by 87. Thus 2004 was the fourth year in succession where we have seen such growth in recurring revenue. These more predictable revenues from sales of disposables fee for use and rentals now account for the majority 64 of total revenue see T able 1. As disposable sales increase in existing markets and territories that were added in the second half of the year the Company expects continued strong recurring revenue growth in 2005. We continue to make progress in the USA which represents 46 of our installed base of monitors. We expect that in addition to the sales achieved by our own sales team there will be a growing contribution from the five US regional agents who following training are starting to make an impact on income. The global interest in minimally invasive technology is supported by the widespread distribution of our installed base of monitors US 46 Europe 35 ROW 17. The slightly increased operating loss for the period reflects the modestly reduced turnover with administration expenses held at just below the previous years figure. Cost controls have been maintained and the underlying monthly cash usage is steady despite servicing a larger distributor sales organisation in a considerably expanded number of territories. Our expectation is that the installed base of monitors 770 as at 31 January 2005 will continue to increase and our first commercial milestone of an installed base of 1000 monitors looks within reach during 2005. In order to support the sales expansion in the US and Continental Europe and to finance product development the Company concluded a placing of shares in June raising approximately 3.7 million net. It was gratifying to see a number of our existing investors supporting this financing round and at the same time we were able to welcome a number of new institutional investors.