2017 was our fourth year of continued and necessary substantial investment opening the Group to major commercial opportunities including Ocean Resort Casino our second client for real money regulated gaming in New Jersey and The Chickasaw Nation for Simulated Gaming and its Overseas Internet Casino WinStar.com both expected to deliver shareholder value future years. Substantial continued investment has been made in the US operational structure to develop the Groups US presence in both the real money regulated gaming and Simulated Gaming markets. In the UK and Bulgaria further substantial investment has been made in the Groups software technology and its capability to deliver both Simulated Gaming and real money regulated gaming to US casino operators integrated with the US casino operators existing landbased loyalty programme. IntraState regulation of real money Internet gaming restarted with Pennsylvania passing legislation in October 2017 to permit Internet gaming nearly four years after New Jerseys Internet gaming market commenced. Legislative actions also occurred in several other US States in 2017 which suggests the StatebyState regulation of Internet gaming may progress further in the US during the course of 2018. In the meantime Simulated Gaming continued to materially outperform initial expectations and is positioned for significant profitable growth in 2018. During the year the Group launched Simulated Gaming for five major US casinos located in the States of New York New Jersey Oklahoma and Nevada and signed an additional landmark deal with Ocean Resort Casino a major casino property in Atlantic City formerly known as Revel Casino which is expected to reopen as a casino in 2018 with a simultaneous launch of GANs Internet casino integrated with the onproperty rewards programme in reliance on GANs USpatented convergence iBridge Framework. A multiyear extension for Simulated Gaming was agreed during the year with a consortium of casino operators in Queensland Australia which have been operating Simulated Gaming focused on Australia since 2015. GAN and its clients stand to benefit from potential regulation of real money Internet gaming which since September 2017 became effectively prohibited as Australian gaming legislation was updated to criminalise the longstanding activities of offshore Internet gaming operators. While other international opportunities are being developed the Groups strategic focus remained firmly on the US market throughout 2017 emphasised by the relocation of selected key personnel from the UK to the US in order to better support the Groups activity in its key geographic market. In New Jersey the Group delivered strongly for Betfairs regulated Internet casino gaming website delivering over 100 incremental games across desktop and mobile devices and consolidating BetfairCasino.com as a leading Internet casino operator in New Jerseys regulated Internet gaming market. I would like to take this opportunity to thank staff at GAN the regulators at the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement the management of Betfairs New Jersey operations and the operational management of Golden Nugget Atlantic City for all their support during 2017. GANs enterpriselevel technology platform for Internet gaming is a scarce asset managed by a team of experienced specialists managing one of a handful of fastgrowing real money regulated gaming businesses in New Jersey. Real money regulated gaming in New Jersey has proved materially different in both general practice and specialist technical requirements when compared with European markets. This positions GAN to capture significant market share in any incremental US intraState markets which may regulate Internet gaming over time including Pennsylvania New York and Michigan. Navigating GAN back to positive clean EBITDA in 2017 after a multiyear investment cycle has proved to be a marathon of shared achievement of which directors employees and shareholders can all be proud. REAL MONEY iGAMING DEPOSITS PROCESSED IN 2017 40m STRATEGIC REPORT 10 GAN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 GAN IS WELL POSITIONED TO CAPTURE SIGNIFICANT MARKET SHARE IN ANY INCREMENTAL US INTRASTATE MARKETS During the year the Group achieved strong financial growth in recurring net revenues derived from the US and the regulated Italian market driven primarily by Simulated Gaming nationwide across the US and from regulated real money Internet gaming in both New Jersey and Italy. Overall net revenue grew by 17 to 9.1m 2016 7.8m. Strategy Expansion in the US remains a continuing strategic priority for the Group with requisite increases in US infrastructure centred on Las Vegas comprising principally human resource and licensing investment in relevant US States including New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Aligned with the significant growth experienced in New Jerseys real money Internet gaming market the Group increased its focus on real money Internet gaming product development enhancements and optimisations while continuing to roll out additional new clients and product features for Simulated Gaming. The continued contribution of Simulated Gaming to our net revenue growth in 2017 supports the Groups internal focus on the US in delivering both real money Internet gaming and Simulated Gaming to as many major US casino properties as possible. Furthermore the Group has received indications from collaborating clients that GANs unique Simulated Gaming platform has materially increased patrons visitation onproperty reactivated significant numbers of longterm inactive patrons and generally proved highly supportive of onproperty real money landbased gaming. The Group continues to pursue further Internet gaming platform sales discussions with casino equipment manufacturers in order to enable landbased casino slot manufacturers to manage the distribution of their content online. The slow pace of incremental regulation of Internet gaming in the US has materially contributed to ongoing delays in securing an Internet gaming platform sale and with the recommencement of the regulatory cycle it appears possible that demand for a system sale may return over time.