Finally I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support as Diurnal aims to make a real difference to patients without effective treatment options for chronic endocrine diseases. Peter Allen Chairman 5 September 2017 Diurnals progress towards becoming a worldleading endocrinologyfocused specialty pharma company has been characterised by a strong focus on capital efficiency whilst making sure that high quality resources are available on a timely basis. Diurnals organisation reflects the need for different skills at different stages of the product development cycle and provides the ability to respond flexibly to business needs. Key elements of Diurnals structure are A core internal team covering development regulatory manufacturing supply chain and commercialisation in addition to administration. Many of Diurnals team work virtually giving the Group access to the best individuals worldwide regardless of location. Trusted consultants and contractors bringing expertise to Diurnals development manufacturing and commercialisation activities. A network of contract organisations providing robust support for critical business activities worldwide. Diurnal has had successful longterm relationships with many of its partners. One example of such a relationship is with Glatt GmbH who manufacture Infacort and Chronocort products. Diurnal started working with Glatt in 2010 initially for the development of formulations then moving onto clinical trial product manufacture scale up and for Infacort progression to manufacture of commercial product at Glatts facility in Binzen Germany Building a flexible and responsive organisation Read more about Chronocort on page 20 20 Diurnal employees Consultants and contractors Development Regulatory Clinical operations Pharmacovigilance Medical monitoring Statistics Manufacturing Formulation Clinical supplies Analytical services Scale up Validation Commercial Market access Medical liaison Sales Pharmacovigilance Packaging Supply chain 4 Diurnal Group plc Annual Report 2017 Chronocort Modifiedrelease hydrocortisone preparation initially targeting Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia in adult patients. Commenced a European Phase III clinical trial in February 2016. Commencing a US Phase III clinical trial around the end of 2017. STRATEGIC REPORT Diurnal at a glance T3 modifiedrelease A modifiedrelease preparation of T3 levothyroxine hormone for patients suffering from hypothyroidism. Formulation feasibility work planned to commence during 2018. Rheumacort Modifiedrelease hydrocortisone preparation for patients suffering with inflammatory diseases. Phase II proofofconcept study planned to commence in 2018. siRNA Short interfering RNA oligonucleotide therapy for patients suffering from adrenocorticotropindependent Cushings syndrome. Formulation underway with a view to commencing in vivo proofofprinciple experiments in 2018. Native Oral Testosterone DITEST Testosterone replacement treatment for patients suffering from hypogonadism. Commenced a proof of concept study in male hypogonadal patients in 2016. Latestage Adrenal Franchise Our products Early stage pipeline The specialty pharmaceutical company targeting patient needs in chronic endocrine diseases Infacort Immediaterelease hydrocortisone preparation targeting Adrenal Insufficiency including Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia in children under six years of age in Europe and sixteen years of age in the US. Successfully completed a European Phase III clinical trial in July 2016. Regulatory dossier submitted to the EMA in 2016 with recommendation for market authorisation anticipated in late 2017. Commenced a US registration programme in 2017. See a full case study on Infacort on page 6 6 Microcrystalline core Hydrocortisone layer Delayedrelease coat See a full case study on Chronocort on page 20 20 5 Diurnal Group plc Annual Report 2017 Drug development pipeline What sets us apart PreClinical Phase I Phase II Phase III Market Est. Regulatory opinion Indication Name Infacort Paediatric Adrenal Insufficiency 2017 2019 in US Phase II in US Hypogonadism TBC Native Oral Testosterone Hypothyroidism TBC T3 modified release Inflammatory diseases TBC Rheumacort Cushings TBC siRNA Targeted technologies addressing real unmet patient needs A broad pipeline with multiple sequential drug launches planned A strong strategic approach with drugs being targeted for commercialisation Strong partnerships and backing from blue chip investors Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia 2019 2021 in US Adrenal Insufficiency TBC Chronocort Phase II in US Execution of clinical studies Infacort 003 statistically significant p0.0001 increase in cortisol values to within biological range 2 Infacort from concept to commercialisation Case study Identification of unmet need No approved hydrocortisone product for paediatric CAH and AI patients Commercialisation Commercial organisation in place in key European markets and distribution agreement executed for Israel Design of optimal product Flexible dosages for optimal treatment paediatric friendly tastemasked dose form Global supply chain Global manufacturing and packaging agreements executed for commercial supplies Regulatory PUMA submission Patient access programme Patient Access programme initiated to facilitate access for patients who have no other treatment options Microcrystalline bead Hydrocortisone layer Seal coat Taste making coat 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4 Unpalatable bitter taste Formulations that are challenging to administer Imprecise inaccurate and highly variable dosing that risks over or undertreatment 1 1. Kauzor et al. 2014 2. Clinical Endocrinology 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Diurnal Group plc Annual Report 2017 6 We envisage a very busy 12 months ahead with a number of key events that will position the Group well to achieve its vision. 7 Diurnal Group plc Annual Report 2017 CEO QA QA What is your vision for Diurnal In the long term we aspire to be the company that physicians first think of when treating patients with a broad range of endocrine disorders. In the near term we aim to become the preeminent company in the treatment of diseases of cortisol deficiency. What are your lead pipeline programmes and what unmet medical needs are they addressing Our two lead programmes Chronocort and Infacort both address diseases of deficiency in cortisol a key hormone involved in maintaining health for life. Chronocort is initially being developed for congenital adrenal hyperplasia CAH an inherited condition where patients are unable to produce cortisol leading to a poor quality of life and lower life expectancy. Current treatments are unable to provide the correct amount of cortisol during the night leading to a buildup of potent sex hormones called androgens which cause damage to the body.