We have reduced the cost of running our properties with gross to net leakage reduced to 26. We have also substantially enhanced our capital structure processes governance and control environment and we have repositioned Grainger to support our strategy for growth. Strategic priority 3 build on our experience We continue to build on our reputation as a leading residential landlord in the UK and remain focused on providing great rental homes and continually improving our customer service. We are enhancing the service we can provide our customers through operational improvements and through investing in technology. Our commitment to the health and safety of our customers and employees remains central to what we do. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 11 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Chief Executives review continued Delivering results Strong financial performance As a result of the significant changes we have implemented within the business over the last two years Im pleased to report that the financial performance of the Company is strong. Adjusted earnings increased by 40 in the year to 74.4m. We have grown net rental income by 8 to 40.4m delivered strong sales performance from our regulated tenancy portfolio and created enhanced profits from development activity. In addition we have made great strides in improving our capital structure with a cost of debt of 3.4 at the period end. The total return for the year was 7 .3 a strong result supported by an enhanced income return and a lower level of capital growth than last year. Last financial year also benefited from the profitable disposals of our noncore businesses FY16 10.6. I am pleased to report an 8 increase in our total dividend to 4.86p per share FY16 4.50p per share in line with our policy to deliver sustainable income backed growth and distribute 50 of net rental income. See the Financial review on pages 24 to 28. Superior operational performance Underpinning our financial performance is the progress we have made on improving the management of our portfolio and our increased focus on customer service. To support this crucial aspect of the business we recruited John Kenny as Chief Operating Officer. From his previous role operating approximately 25k student beds John brings a wealth of experience and knowledge. Over the year the performance in our net rental income was supported by a reduction in our property operating costs gross to net leakage from 28 to 26. Meanwhile we successfully increased the length of stay of our customers from less than 18 months to over 2 years reducing void costs whilst also capturing strong rental growth. Recognition as a market leader We were proud to be acknowledged for our position as the industrys leading PRS landlord asset manager and developer. We are also grateful to our peers for awarding us Property Weeks Property Company of the Year a highly competitive and crosssector award. Our GRIP REIT joint venture with APG was recognised as a Sector Leader by the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark. Our differentiated approach We refined our operating model during the year. Our success is based on our ability to originate invest and operate our investments fully inhouse and we have organised the business to provide a strong focus on each area. This enables us to generate superior returns through our ability to collaborate internally across all these areas. In this regard we strongly believe that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. The operational team for example works with our development team in the design of our new PRS developments and with the investment team to appraise every opportunity we consider. This collaborative and informed approach produces enhanced returns and reduces risks. Highlights Adjusted earnings 74.4m 40 FY16 53.1m Net rental income 40.4m 8 FY16 37.4m Rental growth likeforlike 3.8 30bps FY16 4.1 Cost of debt at period end 3.4 50bps FY16 3.9 EPRA NNNAV 303pps 5.6 FY16 287pps Profit before tax 86.3m 2 FY16 84.2m Overheads 27 .2 m 14 FY16 31.8m Total return ROSE 7 .3 330bps FY16 10.6 Definitions and additional information relating to all KPIs are shown on pages 22 and 23. 12 Grainger plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Preparing the business for the exciting growth in new PRS homes As our pipeline of new PRS homes grows we are investing to support future growth. We examined every process within the business to find more efficient ways of working and through a great team effort and a disciplined focus on continuous improvement we have laid excellent foundations for the future. Last year we completed a full strategic review of the business covering every portfolio and its potential for growth. We continue to regularly review all of the assets within our portfolio and measure their returns potential. This has led to a series of profitable disposals enhancing our sales revenues. The Board and the whole Grainger team are committed to this disciplined and continual approach to evaluating assets. Securing a highquality pipeline We strengthened our acquisition team during the year by investing in our inhouse research capability and improved our investment process to ensure it is both robust and efficient. The result is a team focused on identifying opportunities with the right characteristics for growth in the right locations and we have successfully secured a number of highquality investments. Customer focus We continue to look at ways we can improve our service to customers. Our annual customer survey and the regular feedback we collect provide us with a clear set of priorities against which to measure our service and focus our attention. In our portfolio of regulated properties we recognise that many of our residents are older. We are working with Age UK London to help us understand how we can better support our older residents. We have also supported the Grainger team with technology enabling them to work remotely and get closer to our regulated tenancy customers.