Key measures are explained on page 127. GREENE KING PLC Annual report 2017 6 STRATEGIC REPORT Focus area BEST FOR CUSTOMERS We aim to be the best in the eyes of the customer which means offering them industryleading value service and quality. Our offering is delivered by the best people and in high quality appealing pubs with clear and exciting brands and formats. With the dual challenges of weakening consumer confidence and growing competition exceeding our customers expectations is more important than ever. This year we have invested more in improving value service and quality VSQ in order to provide an even better offer for our customers in line with our overarching aim of becoming the best pub company in the UK. Our food development team is responsible for developing and delivering new menus and dishes across Pub Company. Its objective is to create bestinclass menus making Greene King recognised for quality and choice and offering customers experiences that they will value remember and want to share. We have been focusing particularly on improving the quality and consistency of the most ordered dishes across Pub Company targeting increased consumer loyalty. The team has reformulated how we serve these pub classics including fish and chips and hunters chicken with better ingredients and presentation across our retail brands. The investment in improving these dishes has been reflected in the results of our mystery guest programme in which we benchmark our pubs against more than 20 other brands on VSQ measures. Recent results Greene Kings top four dishes outperform the nonGreene King brands surveyed in our mystery guest programme averaging over 810 versus nonGreene King brands which averaged 7.8110 Chef Brewers burger scored the highest of all pubs surveyed Chef Brewer also scored highest for its chicken tikka masala and its chips Flaming Grill scored highest for its hunters chicken Greene King Locals Mainstream scored highest for its fish and chips Our food development team was recently recognised at the Menu Innovation and Development Awards Pictured are two members of our food development team. Annual report 2017 GREENE KING PLC 7 STRATEGIC REPORT GREENE KING PLC Annual report 2017 8 STRATEGIC REPORT Focus area we believe we have a responsibility to support young people by creating opportunities to earn and learn. The greatest asset we have at Greene King is our people. We employ around 44000 team members across the group and so being an attractive place to work retaining the best people and developing and investing in them are keys to our continued success. Greene King is uniquely positioned to offer careers across a number of roles disciplines environments and locations and we work hard to ensure that every member of our team gets the opportunity to learn and progress. We have developed an industryleading apprenticeship programme with over 3000 apprentices joining Greene King over the last year gaining valuable skills which will help them build their career with us. Our programme offers bespoke qualifications that cover a range of jobs including front of house kitchen and management which are tailored to each of our brands. This year we launched Craft Academy a brewing venture led by apprentices and based at Greene Kings brewery in Bury St Edmunds. The Craft Academy helps craft new talent by giving young people the chance to earn while they learn about brewing design marketing and sales. With the help of experienced mentors the 18month course teaches participants industryspecific skills as they work towards a bespoke apprenticeship qualification all the while creating beers under the Craft Academy brand and bringing them to market. Award winning Our overall apprenticeship programme has been recognised by winning a number of recent awards including Top 100 National Apprenticeship Employer 2016 National Apprenticeship Service Best Apprenticeship Strategy 2016 Springboard Awards of Excellence Top 70 School Leaver Employers Table 2017 Rate My Apprenticeship National Apprenticeship Service East of England Highly Commended 2016 Top 100 Employers for School and College Leavers 2016 All About School leavers BEST FOR TEAMS Pictured is one of our team members Adam Walch. Turn to page 39 to read more about him. Annual report 2017 GREENE KING PLC 9 STRATEGIC REPORT GREENE KING PLC Annual report 2017 10 STRATEGIC REPORT Focus area BEST FOR COMMUNITIES We strive to be the best for the communities in which we serve. Our pubs support their communities in a number of ways but charity is one of the key areas of focus. Locally we support important charities close to our pubs team members and customers hearts but as a business we have come together to establish a partnership with Macmillan Cancer Support. Greene King and Macmillan both share the privileged position of being at the heart of the community. We think this is one of the reasons our partnership is so successful. We began working with Macmillan in 2012 and are proud to have just reached the incredible milestone of having raised 3m for the cancer charity. This year we launched our first companywide fundraiser Miles for Macmillan in which our team members and customers are invited to walk run cycle and swim enough miles to reach the moon. The impressive challenge will see us cover a combined quarter of a million miles taking part in local fun runs and bike rides the London to Paris cycle ride and climbing Mount Kilimanjaro. As the partnership grows from strength to strength we are now looking at how we can develop our support further. By 2020 one in two people will be affected by cancer during their lifetime and we believe that by being so close to our communities we have an opportunity to support people living with cancer. Therefore during the next year we are hoping to launch an employee volunteering programme with Macmillan where they can offer light touch emotional support and raise awareness of national and local cancer support services to team members and customers.