Assuming agreeable terms can be negotiated continue to develop the farmout opportunity to establish a sustainable low development cost domestic gas revenue stream with potential growth opportunities in local energy demand. We have a potentially worldclass asset in Etinde where resources discovered to date will already support commercial development but which has the potential following appraisal drilling success to deliver even greater commercial opportunities. The impact for the business could be transformational and value accretive. We have an unleveraged balance sheet strong cash position and are carried for two appraisal drills. We should have sufficient financial flexibility to realise the benefits of the Etinde appraisal well discoveries. A rightsized organisation Londonbased that is fit for purpose Withdrawal from new exploration activity Derisk Bomono Develop existing asset Etinde Relentless focus on capital discipline Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements OPERATING REVIEW Progressing our Assets in Cameroon A significant milestone will be the commencement of appraisal drilling in 2018 key to ensuring that Etindes full potential will be maximised. The strategic review undertaken in March 2017 led the Board to decide that unless there were compelling business reasons to the contrary exploration and mergeracquisition activities would be suspended. The strategic review has led to a restructuring of Bowleven as a company and organisation with major staff reductions in the UK head office and in our EurOil offices in Cameroon. This effort has highlighted the task of creating value from the Etinde and Bomono assets and that this value should be underpinned by realistic competitive development costs. A key strategic tenet of Bowleven is to ensure that at all times the business complies with the Companys Health Security Safety and Environmental HSSE Policy across its offices and sites. This extends to our contractors and to anyone visiting the offices or sites. Bowleven also seeks to influence its business partners and contractors in striving to achieve toptier performance in delivering a safe secure and compliant operation. Group HSSE performance for the period ending August 2017 has achieved the performance requirements set by the Board. There have been 750 lost time incident LTIfree days accrued in Cameroon since a low severity LTI was recorded in 2015. There has been no loss of containment or oil spills in excess of one barrel in the same period. The Company is also focused on building capability and skills in the local community through the provision of employment. There have been no employee disputes strikes local community actions or unauthorised access which interrupted activities in Cameroon in the period of this review. An Environmental and Social Impact Assessment has been independently conducted for the Bomono development and this involved stakeholder engagement and consultations. CAMEROON Power plant 300 mw FLNG Condensate tanker offload LNG Tanker LPG Tanker 70 mmscfd 280 mmscfd To high value markets or domestic market WHPA WHPB WHPC WHPD CAMEROON Bowleven plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 Etinde JV NewAge 37.5 LUKOIL 37.5 Bowleven 25 Within the Etinde JV there has been significant behindthescenes activity and the JV Operator has managed to bring clarity to the development plans for the Etinde resources. The Cameroon authorities have agreed that the appraisal drilling programme for two wells is to proceed and that provided 500 bcf of resource is set aside for future domestic gas opportunities a commercially viable Floating LNG project will be supported if reserves are sufficient. The 500 bcf resource would be utilised for domestic projects such as fertiliser and gastopower schemes. The fertiliser project remains the reference case for Bowlevens Etinde valuation. The Etinde JV is proceeding with plans to undertake the appraisal drilling in 2018 and seeking to prove up an additional 2.0 tcf of resource. The appraisal drilling will be a significant step in the development of Etinde and a significant milestone for the JV and Cameroon. The outcome of the appraisal wells will be assessed to define the most costeffective development plan and if successful there will be sufficient Etinde resource to support Cameroons ambitions for their domestic market and also to support LNG exports. This represents a positive move considering that plans have been impacted by the lowprice lowinvestment environment in the industry which has in turn adversely impacted investment in Cameroon oil gas and energy projects. With agreement from the Cameroonian authorities that the appraisal drilling programme is to proceed the Etinde JV plans to undertake the drilling in 2018 will ensure that Etindes potential can be determined. The plan to commence appraisal drilling in 2018 will ensure that Etindes potential can be determined and a fullcycle project valuation presented to the shareholders and the investment community. The Board is assured that this project is supported by the Cameroon authorities and that any other opportunities which may arise to develop Etinde will be fully evaluated to enable the project to be chosen which would deliver the best value for all stakeholders. Bomono Permit Bowleven Group 100 and Operator Following extended well testing which was completed in 2016 the Zingana and Moambe wells were suspended. Efforts have continued through the year to find an offtake solution. The Bomono Exploration Licence which was extended to the end of 2015 to allow the wells to be drilled and tested was further extended by the Cameroon authorities until the end of 2016 and then by a further twoyear period to 12 December 2018. The Cameroon authorities have indicated that a PEA could be awarded within the governing framework of the Exploration Licence for a period of two years in order to prove an initial commercial development phase. Once granted the Provisional Exploitation Licence will allow Bomono gas to be sold to the domestic markets in Cameroon once wellstream gas processing facilities are installed and commissioned.