Ayman Asfari Group Chief Executive 28 February 2018 Continuing to reshape the IES business A key objective of the year was to continue to deliver value from the IES portfolio and position the business as a route to our wider services. Besides the Pnuco divestment progress included the migration of our first Production Enhancement Contract PEC to a Production Sharing Contract PSC which constitutes the first such migration in Mexico and a pathway for our remaining two PECs. Meanwhile production commenced from the Greater Stella Area development in February resumed in Tunisia in May following extensive shutins due to civil unrest and continued in line with expectations albeit slightly lower on the previous year in Malaysia. Priorities for 2018 For 2018 you can expect us to continue to pursue faithfully our three strategic themes focusing on our core delivering organic growth in those markets and sectors that we know and where we can manage the execution risk very effectively and reducing capital intensity. A personal priority for 2018 is to pay even closer attention to the way we manage and develop our employees and plan our longterm succession. Ultimately it is our people who are the key to Petrofacs distinctive deliveryfocused culture and 2017 was the ultimate test. In the face of considerable pressure our 12500 people stepped up worked hard and demonstrated a remarkable level of commitment and loyalty to the Company and for that I would like to reiterate my profound thanks. 2018 is also bringing some changes to our Board. After 1 1 years service including threeandahalf as Chairman Rijnhard van Tets is stepping down and I would like to thank him for his clear sense of duty and support of the leadership team. Similarly I pay tribute to Thomas Thune Andersen who stepped down at the end of 2017 thank him for many years of wise counsel and wish him well for the future. Strategic report Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 13 A clear and focused strategy WHAT WE DO OUR LICENCE TO OPERATE OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES GOVERNANCE AND ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS ACROSS OUR SUPPLY CHAIN ENSURING SAFETY ASSET INTEGRITY AND SECURITY ENGAGING WITH LOCAL COMMUNITIES DEVELOPING OUR PEOPLE We are an international service provider to the oil and gas production and processing industry with a diverse client portfolio including many of the worlds leading integrated independent and national oil and gas companies. We design build operate and maintain oil and gas facilities delivered through a range of flexible commercial models enabling us to respond to the distinct needs of each client and helping them to transform the value of their assets across the oil and gas life cycle. Our service offering is underpinned by our ability to develop resource holders local capability through the provision of skills training with competency development and assurance frameworks. At the heart of everything we do the six Petrofac values guide our decisions and behaviours safe ethical innovative responsive quality and cost conscious and driven to deliver. DELIVER ORGANIC GROWTH Seek and achieve managed growth in both complementary geographies and adjacent sectors Broaden and deepen our downstream credentials Extend our service offerings into complementary sectors where they can be differentiated Extend existing service lines into new geographies where clear synergies exist FOCUS ON OUR CORE Build relentlessly on our existing strengths and bring continuous improvements to the way we manage the business Enhance our competitive position Build on our record of operational excellence REDUCE CAPITAL INTENSITY Improve the overall resilience agility and financial efficiency of the business Divest noncore assets Maintain our focus on cash management Protect shareholder value 14 Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 OUR STRATEGY PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT GENERATING ECONOMIC VALUE INCOUNTRY 20 18 16 Key performance indicators See pages 2223 Directors remuneration report See page 90 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS Revenue 19 US6395m EBITDA 4 US730m Net profit 7 US343m Return on capital employed ROCE 21 Diluted earnings per share EPS 8 100.9 s Employee numbers 7 12500 Strategic report Petrofac Annual report and accounts 2017 15 The emphasis is to bring continuous enhancements to the way we manage our business. Crucially this goes well beyond our operational performance and extends to considerations like our health and safety record our environmental performance and our approach to ethics and compliance. Over the past 35 years we have built a strong reputation for commitment delivery and operational execution in our core services delivering capital projects and supporting our clients operating assets. In todays tough environment our people continue to find new ways to increase our efficiencies control our costs and deliver more value to our clients.