In reaching this decision the Board has taken into account the disappointing results for the year. Summary Following the disappointment at the year end regarding delayed contracts and revenue recognition I am pleased that these matters have now been clarified and that we can look forward with confidence to the new financial year. Idox has an exceptionally strong market position in the public sector a sound balance sheet and multiple opportunities for growth. I am therefore confident of the Groups future prospects. 06 Idox plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 October 2017 Andrew Box Business Development Manager Reading Room an Idox brand. The best thing about Idox is that we have a network of specialists who all bring different skills personalities and experiences to projects. This creates a great working environment where innovation and creativity come together to deliver excellent results for our clients. 07 Company Information Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview Strategic Report Chairmans Statement Our Strategic Overview Market Overview The Group continues to operate successfully and has grown in challenging markets characterised by continued pressure on local government expenditure. Our diversity of offerings and tight integration of businesses into a single management structure allows us to take advantage of opportunities and respond to challenges in our markets as demonstrated by this years performance. We see no change in outlook for our core markets. Announcements concerning public sector savings over the next three years are in line with our planning and expectations and should drive takeup of our new cost saving solutions. Our Business Model Idox is the leading applications provider to UK local government for core functions relating to land people and property such as its market leading planning systems and election management software. Over 90 of UK local authorities are now customers for one or more of the Groups products. Idox provides public sector organisations with tools to manage information and knowledge documents content business processes and workflow as well as connecting directly with the citizen via the web and providing elections management solutions decision support content such as grants and planning policy information and corporate compliance services engineering document control project collaboration and facility management applications to many leading companies in industries such as oil and gas architecture and construction mining utilities pharmaceuticals and transportation in North America and around the world. The Group employs 845 staff located in the UK the USA Canada Europe India and Australia. 08 Idox plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 October 2017 Profit before interest tax depreciation amortisation restructuring costs acquisition costs impairment corporate finance costs and share option costs Strategy Our strategy is to become the partner of choice due to our domain expertise continued innovation quality of service and guaranteed delivery. Through this focus on quality and delivery we expect to demonstrate to our customers improvements in operational efficiency and return on investment which will result in us increasing our market share growing both organically and internationally. Key Performance Indicators Key financial performance indicators including the management of profitability monitored on an ongoing basis by management are set out below. NonFinancial Indicators Idox Group practises an integrated management system centred around gaining and retaining ISO accreditations. These are internally and externally audited annually to ensure compliance. Profitability Ratios Composition Of The Board Quality Management The Group quality management system has been accredited to BS EN ISO 90012015 for the development and the sale of products for document content and information management. Environmental Management The Group environmental management system has been assessed and approved to accredited BS EN ISO 140012015 the approved systems apply to the following the development and sale of products for document content and information management. Information Security Management The Group information security management system has been accredited to BS EN ISO 270012015 the approved systems apply to the following for the development and the sale of products for document content and information management. Health and Safety Management The Group health and safety management system has been accredited to OHSAS 180012007. Revenue 88.9m 2016 76.7m Adjusted EBITDA 18.5m 2016 21.5m Adjusted EBITDA Margin 21 2016 28 Profit before interest tax depreciation amortisation restructuring costs acquisition costs impairment corporate finance costs and share option costs as a percentage of revenue Adjusted EPS 2.40p 2016 4.11p Adjusted EPS excludes amortisation on acquired intangibles restructuring acquisition and impairment costs 29 female The Board of Directors comprises 29 female staff members. 09 Company Information Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview Strategic Report Our Strategic Overview Chief Executives Review Richard KellettClarke Chief Executive Officer The failure to achieve the year end numbers is the result of a perfect storm of issues. Recent complex acquisitions exacerbated by earn outs and a timeconsuming capital raise created a lot of work in the first half of the year and did not result in the customary tight integration and release of value. This was aggravated by a general election year which served to push contract activity out towards the end of the financial year and revenue recognition which was intended to ensure we hit year end targets but proved too aggressive. The focus since I stepped back into the CEO role has been on five core changes which are expected to deliver benefits in the current financial year The full integration of the last four acquisitions to deliver shareholder value. This will be completed during H1 2018 with a new streamlined organisational structure. Target 7m of cost savings 10 through the identification of cost synergies and technological overlaps in the business to aid productivity and efficiency. Introduction of Group policies and procedures to increase security accountability productivity and compliance. This is well advanced with major changes already implemented. A review of Group pricing and revenue recognition policy with external input from independent accountants to ensure consistency and clarity and improve cash conversion.