Wellpositioned for the future Our teams energy and combination of skills will help us achieve our targets this year and beyond growing our pipeline driving value delivering returns and maintaining capital efficiency. Having built a substantial regeneration platform we are in a position where we can remain selective about the future projects we take on. We have a range of specific criteria that need to be satisfied before we consider new projects and we will only undertake those where we can deliver meaningful social change and significant shareholder value. Looking ahead I am optimistic that we can succeed in our ambitions. We operate in markets that will continue to grow where we have built a genuine competitive advantage that will only intensify over time. We operate an equityefficient model designed to minimise balance sheet risk and maximise shareholder returns. As our business expands and develops the combination of our operational leverage and our financial model should deliver consistent longterm value driven by a dynamic blend of development trading and investment activity. We are highly ambitious not for ambitions sake but because we are clear about the need for these projects we are proud of our ability to deliver them and we understand the value both financial and social that can be generated from them. Our targets are stretching but based on the work we have done so far the team that we have created the relationships we have built and the pipeline of opportunities ahead I am confident of success. Matthew Weiner Chief Executive Officer 26 April 2017 Our aim is simple to deliver vibrant mixeduse regeneration projects that c reate recurring sustainable economic and social value for local stakeholders and longlasting value for our sh areholders 9 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our markets The property market might have been expected to slump against such an unpromising backdrop and certainly Brexit had a significant impact with Q3 2016 being characterised by limited transactional activity. However during Q4 2016 activity started to return and confidence grew following a series of unexpectedly strong economic indicators. GDP growth was better than forecast while consumer spending and business optimism were both greater than expected. In recent months however some worrying signs have begun to emerge. UK GDP growth is slowing inflation is rising and wages are static all trends that we expect to intensify during 2017. Business investment has been disappointing for several months and is likely to continue in that vein. The quarterly Deloitte CFO survey a key measure of business confidence shows that most finance directors would still prefer to retain cash than invest it in new projects. This is unlikely to change as Brexit negotiations get underway. And consumers who have buoyed the UK economy for years are under pressure. Household budgets are being squeezed by the rising cost of everyday goods as wage growth remains elusive. This creates a further challenge for retailers many of which are already struggling as ecommerce becomes ever more prevalent and business rates rise. Opportunities remain Despite these challenging conditions our competitive advantages remain strong and we are confident that plenty of opportunities exist for us to make rewarding investments and generate value for our stakeholders. Our optimism is tempered with caution. We have raised our required rate of return on new projects and we have become even more forensic in our due diligence. However a number of factors contribute to our sense of optimism factors that hold This time last year amid a multitude of economic financial and social concerns one specific issue stood out the referendum on EU membership and the impact of a vote to leave. Today Brexit is a fact of life. The full effects of that decision have yet to be felt but the UK has triggered Article 50 and departure from the EU is inevitable. A challenging backdrop 10 U and I Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 good today and are likely to persist for several years in our core markets of the London City Region Manchester and Dublin. Commercial pockets of potential Within the commercial property space the cycle is at a point where rents are broadly stable and yields static but where construction costs are rising. Against this development has been limited for almost a decade so the supply of office space is tight and vacancies are low. We believe there are some broad themes that will provide opportunities. First there is a growing demand for interesting high quality office space. With low unemployment companies are striving to attract and retain top talent dynamic inspiring office space that encourages collaboration is one important way of doing so. Second the growth of the gig economy is changing the work environment driving demand for shared offices both for individuals and for companies seeking flexible space. Third investors the world over are searching for incomeproducing assets. Sterlings weakness has enhanced the appeal of UK assets and this trend is likely to continue as long as the value of Sterling does not plummet. It is also worth noting that property yields remain materially above those of ten year gilts as long as this continues UK commercial real estate will remain an attractive investment. Looking ahead rising construction costs and an uncertain economic environment are likely to limit the supply of central London office development. According to some estimates construction costs increased by almost 20 per cent in 2016 driven by rising commodity prices wage inflation and a stronger Dollar JP Morgan Cazenove European Property review February 2017. Our bias towards suburban London should shield us from this given that demand is growing but supply is weak in outer London 1.6 million sq. ft. of office space is required and only 700000 sq. ft. is set to be delivered in the next five years Savills.