We believe that iomart is one of the most compliant organisations with regard to security and certification in the sector. This will drive more opportunity for us with our long experience of security whether it be infrastructure and network protection detection and response to threats access control log management or compliance with various standards. We are now less than a year away from the introduction of the new regulations around data security the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR. Our plans for the introduction of these regulations are well advanced both for the Groups own needs and to help other organisations understand the implications for their own business and thereby to become compliant. Organisations today are confronted by an increasingly complex set of cloud decisions in terms of cost value effectiveness complexity security data protection and compliance. Whatever the cloud challenge iomart can assist all organisations in moving to the cloud whether it be private public or hybrid approach. The long term recurring revenue opportunity for iomart remains compelling. We are well established as a major player in providing the flexible cloud solutions that businesses require. The future success of cloud companies will be driven by their ability to address further towards the application layer as well as the underlying infrastructure. There is growing evidence of different market segments with distinct hosting and cloud requirements and characteristics. This is leading to a growing trend in specialisation in various verticals such as ecommerce or financial software and this is one reason why the hosting and cloud markets will be served by a wide variety of vendors and vendor types. Our challenge is to continue to navigate through these early days of the further evolution of cloud adoption and to ensure we build the skills and resources necessary to be successful in that ever more complex space. Acquisitions We again augmented our organic growth through the acquisition of Cristie Data Limited Cristie in August and after the yearend in May through the acquisition of Dediserve Limited Dediserve a Dublin based provider of Cloud solutions in ten locations around the world. To date we have not seen any impact from the UKs decision to leave the European Union other than the weakening of Sterling. The Board has considered the impact on the Group of the UKs decision to leave and whilst there are still many issues to be resolved we believe we will be able to deal with them as they arise. The acquisition of Dediserve gives us a Cloud operation in geographical areas where we do not currently have a presence including another base in the European Union. We continue to look for businesses that fit our criteria with a view to making further acquisitions in the coming year. Operational Review We have previously reported in two operating segments Cloud Services and Easyspace both of which involve the provision of services from common infrastructure delivering a very high level of recurring revenue. During the year we acquired Cristie and we have decided to report that in a separate segment as it predominantly involves the provision of IT infrastructure on customers premises with little by the way of recurring revenue. We have designated this segment as Nonrecurring Revenue. Strategic Report Chief Executive Officers Report 8 iomart Group plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Cloud Services Revenues in this segment have grown by 11 to 72.7m 2016 65.4m partly as a result of the continued organic growth and as a result of acquisitions. Organic growth in the year was 10 slightly above the level of 9 we have delivered in our last two financial years and our adjusted EBITDA percentage margin continues to be amongst the highest in the industry. Through our iomart Cloud unit we provide complex hosting solutions involving private public and hybrid cloud solutions with customers typically paying for these services on a monthly basis on contracts ranging from one to three years in length. Our churn levels in this unit have stabilised and are in line with that experienced last year. Our server infrastructure business delivering dedicated physical servers to customers is run as one unit encompassing the RapidSwitch and Redstation brands. We manage many thousands of physical servers for our customers using highly automated systems and processes which we continue to develop and improve. Our Backup and Disaster Recovery specialism is primarily sold through Backup Technology. SystemsUp provides consultancy services to organisations particularly in the public sector helping them to decide on their cloud strategy with an emphasis on the public cloud. Having a consultancy division within the Group allows us to engage at an earlier stage with organisations considering their cloud strategy and provides the opportunity to leverage the provision of those consultancy services to gain recurring revenue through the deployment of cloud solutions. However unlike our other activities within the Cloud Services segment there is less recurring revenue generated from consultancy services and this area has not performed as predicted during the year and in future we will be more prudent in projecting the revenues which we expect to generate to recognise the difficulty in estimating revenue levels. We have made some changes to senior management within the consultancy unit and have also refined its strategic approach to focus on the delivery of a set of core cloud technologies. This is with a view to ensuring that as often as possible projects that are delivered will ultimately have a managed service and recurring revenue element. We are able to supply products and services across the cloud spectrum and do so using common platforms across the Group. Within the scope of our product set we have strengthened our relationships with Amazon Web Services AWS and Microsoft now labelled as Hypercloud vendors.