It is expected to close in the second quarter of 2018 subject to regulatory approvals in China the European Union and South Korea. This partnership with a worldleading infrastructure adviser and investor should benefit the new joint venture in its next stage of development as we jointly invest organically and inorganically to collaborate on our remote monitoring and analytics offering for environmental monitoring. The combination of our expertise in environmental monitoring solutions and Macquarie Capitals significant presence in infrastructure markets will accelerate the growth of the business. In January 2018 we acquired Concept Life Sciences which provides integrated drug discovery development analytical testing and environmental consultancy services mainly in the pharmaceutical biotechnology agrochemical and environmental sectors. Additionally it carries out development and analytical services for the food consumer and environmental industries. Concept Life Sciences is a highquality services business which further strengthens our portfolio has strong synergies with the activities of Malvern Panalytical and enhances our ability to provide customers within the pharmaceutical life sciences and advanced materials sectors with a combined product and service proposition. Our performance in 2017 was good with likeforlike increases in both sales and profit as we executed on our strategy and helped by a recovery in the USA and certain key end markets. John OHiggins Chief Executive Positioning ourselves to deliver our solutions strategy Our strategy is evolving towards the provision of complete solutions to our customers based on our deep application and technical expertise and we made good progress in broadening our software and services offerings to customers. Corporate development We completed a number of bolton acquisitions in 2017. Setpoint brings conditioning monitoring hardware and software solutions for rotating and reciprocating machinery allowing online condition monitoring analysis and machinery diagnostics and has been integrated into Brel Kjr Vibro to enhance its product offering. Omnicon provides a range of services and software to help its customers analyse and improve product reliability and safety particularly in aerospace automotive transportation and defence. The combination of Omnicons expertise in reliability design and testing with HBM Prenscias software and services will enable us to provide customers with a broader range of reliability improvement solutions. We further strengthened the Millbrook business in the UK with the acquisition of the CSA Leyland Technical Centre an automotive test facility in Lancashire which adds further capacity as well as a complementary customer base and services. In addition we invested 25.5 million at Millbrook predominantly on new capacity such as the 4WD climatic emissions chassis dynamometer cell which we commissioned in the year and additional indoor testing 11 Spectris plc Strategic initiatives In order to drive our strategic initiatives we have made a number of investments including new central leadership appointments in lean supply chain software and digital. Ensuring we have bestinclass processes and capabilities will be key to our continued success and these new roles will be pivotal in developing best practice and driving performance enhancement across the Group This will be supported by our new central HR function with its talent management and organisational capability programme. Across the Group delivery of our strategy has meant more collaboration between our operating companies. Automotive is a key endmarket focus and here we have strengthened our key account management approach and provided a more collaborative offering. This is based on our expertise in four key areas durability propulsion safety and refinement in order to crosssell our products software and services from Brel Kjr Sound Vibration HBM and Millbrook. At Malvern Panalytical which we merged at the start of the year there is now one management team and a combined sales and marketing team. Their collaboration has led to numerous crossselling opportunities and together with a more valuebased approach to providing customer solutions the combined business has made good progress during the year. We have also been reviewing our digitalled customer applications with the potential for more crossgroup solutions by leveraging existing operating company technologies competencies and endmarket expertise to more broadly serve our customers needs. New product development and our combination of hardware and software are focused on simplifying the integration of customergenerated data with remote data analytics services and in January 2018 we launched Spectris Advance to showcase this digital offering to customers. We decided to divest our machine vision technology business Microscan as we believe its next stage of development can be better fulfilled under new ownership. The Group completed the sale to Omron Corporation in October resulting in posttax cash proceeds of 91.9 million. Our balance sheet remains strong and provides the opportunity for us to redeploy capital to add further software and services capability. Project Uplift Project Uplift continues to make progress with Phase 1 fully underway. The majority of the Phase 1 savings will be derived from leveraging the Groups scale for instance through securing improved terms for procurement of goods and services both direct and indirect. We made progress on this on a number of fronts during 2017 for example we implemented new global freight contracts and are well advanced in the process of transitioning to new suppliers for a number of key product components. In 2017 the cost of 15.8 million and gross recurring benefit of 2.8 million were both lower than originally expected and included an additional 1 million of spend on the Phase 2 shared service centre project. As we started to implement the initiatives during 2017 it became evident that the IT implementation is more complex to deliver than we had anticipated and we have therefore revised the scope of the programme resulting in a change in the magnitude and phasing of benefits and costs from those originally expected. As a result for Phase 1 we now expect annualised recurring savings of 25 million and a total cost to achieve these of 35 million by the end of 2019 with more coming from procurement activities and less from IT.