In Argentina we had some success in discovering new structures close to the San Jose mine and we also continued to drill in the Aguas Vivas area to the north west where we are currently assessing the nature of this polymetallic orebody which has significant quantities of zinc and lead as well as precious metals. At Pallancata the focus was on developing the Pablo vein in preparation for mining in 2018 whilst the discovery of the Marco vein nearby has added further resources and prompted a new regional geological hypothesis Brownfield Optimising and exploring close to our current mines to increase lifeofmine and facilitate low cost plant expansion. Greenfield A reshuffled portfolio generating a number of promising targets in good geographies. Acquisitions T argeting earlystage opportunities with strong geological potential. We are confident that our explorationled growth strategy will continue to add high quality ounces to our existing assets generate new earlystage projects and deliver longterm shareholder value. Ignacio Bustamante Chief Executive Officer Our strategy for growth Our strategy for growth focuses on three key paths to secure low cost growth. Our Strategy Page 18 Annual Report Accounts 2017 Hochschild Mining plc 16 which we will be testing in 2018. Finally at Arcata we were able to discover additional inferred resources and throughout 2018 an intensive campaign will continue to explore for resources with the goal of utilising the plants significant spare capacity. Financial position Strong cash flow from our operations combined with some balance sheet management opportunities has left us in a healthy financial position. On 23 January 2018 we were able to redeem the remaining 295 million of our 7.75 Senior Notes. We replaced a portion of these bonds with short to medium term debt from local banks in Peru with an average rate of 2.2 and approximately 100 million was repaid from existing cash resources. Consequently our cash balance after this transaction remains a healthy 85 million and we expect our interest costs to fall by approximately 20 million per year from 2019 onwards. Financial results Whilst an increased average gold price received was offset by a moderate fall in the silver price received record production once again ensured a rise in revenue of 5 to 723 million 2016 688 million. The operational allin sustaining cost of 12.3 per silver equivalent ounce 2016 11.2 per ounce was in line with forecasts although the increase reflected an increased investment in brownfield exploration as well as oneoff project costs at Inmaculada and consequently this resulted in Adjusted EBITDA of 301 million 2016 329 million. Finally with finance costs reduced despite the high yield bonds now repaid basic earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share was 0.08 per share 2016 0.11 and 0.09 per share respectively. Outlook We expect attributable production in 2018 to be 514000 gold equivalent ounces 38 million silver equivalent ounces driven by another 240000 gold equivalent ounces from Inmaculada an increased contribution of 9.5 million silver equivalent ounces from the revitalised Pallancata mine and another 7.1 million silver equivalent ounces from the dependable San Jose mine. At Arcata where we expect production of 4 million silver equivalent ounces management will continue to closely monitor performance to ensure production is optimised whilst maintaining the assets optionality with regards to prices exploration results and cost efficiencies. Allin sustaining costs for operations are expected at between 960 to 990 per gold equivalent ounce 13.0 to 13.4 per silver equivalent ounce with the slight increase versus the 12.3 per ounce in 2017 resulting from further development costs of the Pablo vein and a oneoff highly profitable investment in a hydraulic backfill project at San Jose. We are also pleased to note that the corporate tax rate in Argentina has been reduced from 35 to 30 from 2018 and to 25 from 2020 and hence we can look forward to a significant positive impact on San Joses net profitability although taxes on dividends have also been reinstated to 7 through to 2020 and then to 13 thereafter. A further 17 million is expected to be invested in our brownfield exploration in 2018 as we look to maintain the current momentum and an additional budget of 10 million is assigned to greenfield projects with some exciting prospects to be drilled in Peru Chile Canada and the United States. Low cost earlystage acquisition opportunities will continue to be pursued across the Americas and in particular earnin joint ventures where operations can benefit from Hochschilds technical expertise. We are confident that our explorationled growth strategy will continue to add high quality ounces to our existing assets generate new earlystage projects and deliver longterm shareholder value. Ignacio Bustamante Chief Executive Officer 20 February 2018 514000 Gold equivalent ounces produced 9 New veins discovered at Inmaculada Annual Report Accounts 2017 Hochschild Mining plc 17 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Further information Our strategy A successful and effective strategy for low cost growth Our strategy is to create value for shareholders based on explorationled growth by investing in our brownfield drilling programme pursuing selected greenfield opportunities and assessing opportunistic earlystage acquisitions. 2017 Activities Strategic pillar Brownfield We have always focused on mineralised districts with the possibility to grow over time and in this regard we are excited by the brownfield growth potential of our portfolio. We believe that the current longterm programme will discover further resources to fill up our existing spare plant capacity increase our core asset lifeofmine and consider future plan capacity expansions.