For our senior population we know from our management survey that the most important factor influencing their decision to join and then to stay at G4S is the nature of the roles and the responsibilities on offer. Our global footprint and operations across a range of product and service lines helps make the business attractive to the best candidates. Once appointed the responsibility complexity and opportunities for innovation help retain our senior people and keep them motivated. For other levels in the organisation we have developed two toolkits which help us attract and retain colleagues by utilising our expertise and sharing resources across the Group. The first relates to recruitment and is designed to ensure potential candidates for jobs with G4S have a positive recruitment experience while going through an efficient and effective hiring process. The second provides guidance on good retention practices. Both toolkits are online and contain templates that are easy to follow and adopt. They emphasise the importance of ensuring applicants know what will be expected before they apply and if they do join G4S there are robust processes in place to welcome induct train and support them. Feedback from our most recent global employee survey suggests that our employees feel well equipped to perform their role with over 90 of respondents stating they understand their job procedures. Often employee turnover is at its highest in the initial months after appointment which suggests there is still more to do to retain our newest colleagues. In order to build our reputation as a good employer and attract candidates from the widest talent pools With around 570000 people G4S is one of the worlds largest private sector employers. Our employees and services touch the lives of others every day providing crucial services to keep them safe and secure. Our success is therefore underpinned by the way we attract develop and engage with our people as well as the culture and values that shape the way we work and how our colleagues carry out their roles. 2017 ACHIEVEMENTS Our strategy continued CREATING THE RIGHT CULTURE The G4S values are embedded in the standards policies and guidance which we set out to help employees and managers perform To help our frontline operational employees understand the behaviours we expect and the decisions they should take in line with our values we have launched a range of learning and awareness materials. These materials include an animated video scenariobased flashcards presentations and an online exercise. The materials draw on over 90 scenarios from all product and service lines and are designed to promote discussion and to guide behaviour in line with our values. They address topics like harassment bribery and corruption the care and treatment of others breaches of health and safety rules and inappropriate use of social media. To ensure these materials remain relevant we will continue to add different scenarios whenever new valuesbased operational situations are identified which can help guide our employees. Work is now underway on values training materials for our managers using our newly revised competency framework. In line with our values this refreshed framework defines leadership and management behaviours in terms of how managers should act today plan for tomorrow and build relationships. The framework is used in our selection processes as well as our 360 degree review process to assess performance and future potential. It enables us 16 G4S plc Integrated Report and Accounts 2017 to gather insight into what colleagues have achieved as well as whether they have done so in a way which is consistent with our values. While having a common set of values helps set G4S apart from the competition as a global employer we also appreciate that having a diverse workforce enables us to better understand our differing customer needs and harnessing this diversity is critical to driving innovation. Feedback from our latest global employee survey indicates that 84 of employees who responded believe that the company values people from different backgrounds and in 2018 we will continue our focus on diversity to ensure we maximise the benefits it brings. Integrity and Respect Our business activities and relationships are built on trust honesty and openness. We deliver on the promises we make and treat our colleagues customers and those in our care with the utmost respect. Safety Security and Service Excellence We work in a safe way and take great care to protect our colleagues and customers from harm. We are experts in security and use that knowledge to protect our customers most valuable assets. We are passionate about delivering high levels of customer service. Innovation and Teamwork We invest in technology and best practice to improve continually our service offering. We challenge ourselves to find new ways of helping our customers. We work together as a team to achieve the best results for our customers and our business. Everyone has a valid opinion and their contribution is valued. Our values are the standards we set for ourselves and they are reflected in the culture of our organisation through our behaviours and actions. OUR VALUES countries and regions adopt different approaches to diversity reaching out to recruit from underrepresented groups in their businesses.