The COBRA system provides divers with 20 minutes of air at a depth of 270 metres or 45 minutes of emergency life support at a depth of 120 metres. This is compared to current alternative systems which can only provide 3 minutes of air at 270 metres and 7 minutes at 120 metres. The extended operation time significantly improves the likelihood of a successful rescue in the event of an emergency. 4 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Chief Executives review Nick Henry Chief Executive Officer Group strategy The Groups strategy is to grow its business organically by leveraging its existing marine skill base in specialist expertise to a global market supplemented by selective bolt on acquisitions which broaden the Groups range of services products or geographical coverage. Our strategic aim is to deliver longterm growth in earnings per share and consistently to increase shareholder value. Our businesses target an operating margin of at least 10 a pretax return on capital employed of at least 15 and are expected to be cashgenerative via careful management of working capital and investments. Whilst the Group prioritises organic growth our strategy is to supplement it with valueenhancing acquisitions which fit into our existing divisions. James Fisher seeks to acquire businesses that have a niche product or service offering with growth potential a track record of profitability cash generation and strong management. Business model The Groups businesses provide a range of marine services to large corporations and government bodies through its four divisions Marine Support Specialist Technical Offshore Oil and Tankships. James Fishers businesses are entrepreneuriallyled with a decentralised management structure which encourages managers to be responsible for making timely decisions in response to changes in the market and in the competitive environment. Many of the Groups businesses operate in specialist niches and hold marketleading positions in their particular sector. Their growth is focused on the less mature markets around the world with 50 2016 51 of the Groups revenue derived from customers in the Middle East Africa and Asia Pacific regions. Key Performance Indicators KPIs are used to measure the success of the business model. These include revenue growth operating margin the ratio of underlying operating profit to revenue return on capital employed and cash conversion. This year revenue growth was 9 and the underlying operating margin increased to 11.0 2016 10.9. The Group s posttax return on capital employed was 12.2 2016 13.0 and the reduction was due to the working capital requirement in relation to the contract to build two submarine rescue vessels for the Indian Navy. The Group s cash conversion which measures the proportion of underlying operating profit that is turned into operating cash was 56 2016 103 after adjustment for the investment in working capital for the submarine rescue project which is expected to reverse in 2018 when the vessels are scheduled for delivery. Strategic progress The Groups corporate objectives are to deliver longterm growth in underlying earnings per share and to deliver progressive dividend growth. In 2017 underlying earnings per share grew by 7 and the compound rate of growth over the last ten years in underlying earnings per share is 10. Dividends have increased in each of the last 23 years and the compound rate of dividend growth over the last ten years is 10. Over the last few years the Group has made a number of acquisitions of marine service businesses which have been integrated into James Fisher Marine Services JFMS to form a substantial offshore and subsea operator for the renewables industry. JFMS provides a wide range of services to the offshore wind and tidal sector to support both the construction and maintenance of this fastgrowing industry. During 2017 this range of services was further enhanced through the acquisition of Rotos 360 Limited Rotos 360 a leading provider of blade repair services and EDS HV Group Limited EDS the leading provider of high voltage cable connections and cable repair services. In March 2017 Rotos 360 was acquired for an initial 1.5m in cash with a further potential 5.0m based on future profitability. The company repairs offshore wind farm rotor blades through innovative use of suspended work platforms and ultra violet resin curing techniques which reduce operational downtime. In December 2017 EDS was acquired for an initial 9.0m with a potential further 5.6m based on profit targets over the next two years. EDS operates 5 JAMES FISHER AND SONS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT HMS Queen Elizabeth Our Tankships business James Fisher Everard JFE supported the initial sea trials of the first of a new class of aircraft carrier the HMS Queen Elizabeth by providing refuelling services in July and August 2017. The Ministry of Defence determined that the most suitable port providing the level of security required for its largestever warship was the Port of Cromarty Firth at Invergordon. Refuelling by road tanker would have been impractical as it would have required 120 lorries for each fuel stop. JFE swiftly relocated two tanker vessels the M.V. Sarnia Cherie and the M.V. Sarnia Liberty from the south coast of England to Scotland. Loaded with cargoes of F76 fuel from the oil fuel depot in Gosport Hampshire each vessel was weighed down at the stern due to the small steeply shelving mooring berth at Invergordon and the need to counter the angle. Sister company Fendercare provided two 250 metrelengths of 4 hose with associated connectors to maximise the rate of fuel transfer. Observing strict windows of time when the HMS Queen Elizabeth was available for refuelling JFE completed two separate fuelling operations safely and efficiently whilst working to a tight and demanding deadline.