However there are few synergies with the rest of the Groups plumbing and heating activities and we have initiated a process to exit our building materials business in the region which is on track. In August 2017 we completed the sale of Silvan the Danish DIY chain. Thinking about the strategy in more detail you also talked last year about the importance of achieving excellent execution in some key areas. How are you making progress here This year we have further rened our drivers of protable growth see page 17 which set out how we will win in our local markets outperform our competitors and drive strong nancial results. Our businesses are not homogeneous and they require customised strategies and each of our business units are prioritising them appropriately depending on their local market and competitive environment. Highlights this year include excellent growth in our ecommerce businesses which now generates 20 per cent of Group revenue. We continue to see ecommerce as an efficient way to meet the needs of our customers using the current branch and logistics network without adding extra branch capacity. We are gaining momentum in the acceleration of own label in our businesses and in the USA it now represents 6.9 per cent of overall revenues 201516 5.8 per cent. We are continuing to invest in our operating model including further investment in The increase or decrease in revenue excluding the effect of currency exchange acquisitions and disposals and trading days. 18 Ferguson plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Group Chief Executives review continued 20 Ecommerce now accounts for 20 per cent of Group revenue at 3 billion We operate in large fragmented markets with strong growth characteristics The USA continues to be our largest market with the greatest opportunities for growth. The market for plumbing and heating distribution has strong growth characteristics and is highly fragmented with no market dominated by any single distributor. In each market we operate with leading market positions and signicant scale. Strategic report Governance Financials Other information 19 Ferguson plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 What is driving market growth Population growth Population growth of more than 6 per cent is expected in the USA in the next decade. Source United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs. Housing transactions Existing single family home sales continue to grow while remaining signicantly below the previous peak. Source National Association of Realtors. Consumer condence In the USA consumer condence in July 2017 hit a 16 year high. There is a strong correlation between consumer condence and levels of activities in our markets. Source The Conference Board. Ageing housing stock 41 years The median age of homes in the USA is 41 years. There is high demand for repairs maintenance and improvement in the large installed base of existing homes. Source US Department of Housing and Urban Development. Increased comfort levels in homes 80 of new homes in the USA have two or more bathrooms. There is a trend towards increasing levels of comfort in homes. Source US Department of Housing and Urban Development. Disposable income No. 1 The USA has the highest levels of disposable income per household in the OECD. Source Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD. Customers require a basket of goods Ferguson serves approximately one million customers across the Group and customers typically require a basket of goods. In the USA the average basket size is ve products valued at circa 600. Customers needs are local The customer base is fragmented. Professional contractors typically operate within about 20 miles of a local branch and may visit it several times per week. In addition to visiting branches they are now using digital channels which complement their working patterns. Large supplier base Ferguson distributes the products of approximately 44000 suppliers across the world. Clear need for distributors in the supply chain Distributors including Ferguson bridge the gap between a fragmented supplier base and the large and geographically dispersed professional customer base. Highly fragmented industry with no market dominated by a single player Our markets are typically highly fragmented with few large players in the industry. Benets of scale Due to scale benets market leaders can perform better through the economic cycle and customers have quicker access to products. Strong organic growth opportunities Market characteristics support longterm organic growth opportunities. Bolton MA opportunities Ferguson has a large acquisition target database to support continued MA growth. Marketplace overview Market characteristics and opportunities d For detail on the structure of our business and the markets in which we operate see pages 14 and 15 19 to 25 and 28 to 33. 20 Ferguson plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our business model How we create value We are a specialist distributor adding value through our scale bespoke logistics network use of technology and the expertise of our people. We bridge the gap between 44000 suppliers and 1 million customers offering the widest range of products and solutions. For see 2310 In total our business units operate 2310 branches. This means our customers typically travel fewer than 20 miles to buy from us. 1 million Our suppliers deliver over 1 million products in bulk to our network of 22 distribution centres to branches or directly to our customers. 44000 We have a diverse supplier base sourcing over one million products from 44000 suppliers around the world which gives us access to a broad range of products.