Together we are focused on sustainable improved profit performance in both businesses leading to improved shareholder returns. Chief Executives Review The last year has seen further building blocks put in place to enable the Group to deliver on its medium term plans. While the reported performance was disappointing the new leadership structure we now have in place will support the delivery of future growth. Phil Maudsley Chief Executive Officer 7 STRATEGIC REPORT 125 GOVERNANCE 2672 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 73123 COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 124134 Findel plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chief Executives Review I Strategic Report Brexit In line with the wider retail sector the decision to leave the European Union has had an impact on import costs. Express Gifts goods are generally manufactured outside the UK so exposing us to the fluctuations in Sterling at some point in the supply chain. Where that exposure is seen directly namely where we buy in US or euros which represents around a third of total purchases we are wellplaced with hedging policies in place to cover planned purchases on a rolling 12 month basis. That provides time for us to adapt our supply chain so mitigating the impact upon our customers. Indirect exposures are managed similarly through discussion with suppliers and reviewing our internal processes. All of Express Gifts customers are based in the UK and Findel Educations international customers buy in Sterling. Performance in FY17 Express Gifts saw continued progress in FY17 particularly in acquiring a significant number of new customers in a cost effective way and retaining more of its established customers. The use of TV and social media in our recruitment approach will inevitably attract a broader audience than just our target customer but the proportion of new customers taking credit terms is in line with our expectations. The new Philippines based operation increased our capacity to handle inbound enquiries but we also made substantial improvements to its online systems to make it easier for customers to trade with us and handle any queries they may have without the need to physically contact us. The business navigated through the sharp changes to exchange rates in June 2016 and made further improvements to the way we use our Far East sourcing office. However the combination of increased investment in customer recruitment in Q4 and requiring additional currency at lower than average rates to source goods to support it impacted profit in the year by around 2.0m. Findel Education continued to see challenging market conditions with price competition for the commodity based School brands being particularly intense and leading to a further loss in market share. It did however manage to regain lost customers for its Classroom and Specialist brands. Importantly it completed its warehouse consolidation project on time on budget and without disruption to customers. The Groups underlying cash generation remained strong providing the basis for reinvestment into customer growth and system improvements. However the headline results fell short of our expectations and were accompanied by a number of individually significant items that produced a significant net loss. Focus for the year ahead The building blocks put in place to enable the Group to deliver on its medium term plans provide a strong platform for growth and I am very excited about the prospects for the Group as we enter the new financial year. Looking ahead we are confident in delivering against the respective strategies of both businesses. At Express Gifts we are focused on further growth in customers and share of wallet while at Findel Education we will continue to address market share losses through better use of great value product service and its new online channels. The Group will also increase its risk management resource aimed at improving the resilience of the Group. Phil Maudsley Chief Executive Officer 26 June 2017 8 Findel plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Strategic Report I Our businesses and strategic objectives Our businesses and strategic objectives Central holding company Capital and resource allocation Leadership and oversight Shared service provision as appropriate Entity Summary Description Principal Strategic Objectives Findel plc Maximising value for shareholders Setting overall vision and strategy of the Group Overseeing the control environment and risk management throughout the Group Determining and implementing appropriate financing resources One of the UKs leading online value retailers.