We will continue to invest in the business for the long term and look forward to launching more innovative products and services in the year ahead. I would like to welcome all those who have joined the ZPG family this year and thank the entire team for their continued commitment. Alex Chesterman OBE Founder CEO The Energy vertical particularly benefited from returning switchers on fixedterm deals and supplier price rises enabling us to reach a new milestone of over one million energy switches in a 12 month period. Our Communications vertical performed in line with expectations. Mobile switching was boosted by increased competition amongst suppliers and ongoing optimisation of the consumer experience driving greater lead generation and broadband switching benefited from strong consumer demand whilst fully absorbing the changes to the advertising standards which came into effect at the beginning of the year. We continued to develop our Finance offering and significantly enhanced our proposition with the acquisition of Money after the end of the Period. Q How do you target and identify strategic opportunities A We continue to be one of the fastest growing tech businesses in the UK organically. However we have also supplemented that growth via targeted MA and strategic partnerships. We look to identify businesses that fit clearly within our strategy and can help accelerate our growth and market position or improve our product proposition. We are very ambitious and there is a lot we want to do and MA and strategic partnerships have played an important role in our growth story and strategy to date. See page 12 for more on our MA. Q Are you pleased with how the rollout of the MoveIt tool is going A Absolutely but were really only just getting started. MoveIt has been designed to help provide new revenue streams to our partners and boost their bottom lines. It is a real win for consumers who now get access via their agent to recommended services and providers and for partners who can build their own supplier panels to offer far more to their customers from conveyancing and removals to financial services products and utilities. Q With almost 1000 staff in multiple locations how do you keep everyone up to date A Making sure we have regular and effective internal communications is a critical part of ensuring employees are engaged and have the tools they need to do their job. We have a dedicated Employee Engagement Manager whose role is to lead on our engagement and internal communications strategy. We also hold regular divisional and full Company meetings and events to provide the latest updates on business performance industry news and strategy. QA 12 ZPG Plc Annual Report 2017 MA and partnership activity Diversification of our brands products and revenues We have a successful track record of MA activity which supports strong organic growth and helps accelerate the delivery of our mission. We announced five acquisitions during 2017 TechnicWeb Hometrack ExpertAgent Ravensworth and Money completed following the end of the Period which enhance both our consumer and partner propositions and give us a unique product portfolio and crosssell opportunity. We also made a further three strategic investments in Neos Zero Deposit and PropertyFinder Group which together with our existing investments and partnerships provide us with differentiated products and services as well as valuable insights into some of the leading innovators in our markets. Each acquisition or partnership allows us to offer the widest range of products and services across our platform to both our consumers and partners and further diversifies ZPGs brands products and revenue opportunities. When reviewing our strategic opportunities for growth we apply the following filters Great strategic fit Significant growth opportunity Market leading innovative Build buy or partner Strong return on investment PARTNERSHIPS Neos is the UKs first home insurance provider that provides the latest connected home technology. In addition to comprehensive buildings and contents cover Neos connected home insurance provides eight wireless smart sensors and a camera linked to the Neos app that detect fires leaks and breakins 247. PropertyFinder Group is the Dubaibased business with leading property portals across the Middle East and North Africa MENA. PFG operates in seven countries UAE Qatar Lebanon Bahrain Egypt Morocco and Saudi Arabia and generates over 2 million monthly visits. Zero Deposit is an exciting new insurancebacked product that replaces the need for tenants to place a security deposit at the beginning of a tenancy and is underwritten by Munich RE one of the worlds largest reinsurers. www.zpg.co.uk 13 Strategic report T echnicWeb specialises in designing custombuilt fully responsive websites for the property sector and has a team of 22 designers programmers project and account managers who have built over 1500 websites for estate agent clients. Rationale TechnicWeb helps ZPG to continue to be the most effective partner for UK property professionals and makes ZPG the largest provider of estate agency websites in the UK. As a smaller independent business established for 30 years the level of customer care was of the highest standard. The result a much improved website that has been very effective on all levels. Anything that required attention throughout the process was dealt with efficiently and professionally. The constant and regular customer support continues. Scott MathesonBarr Managing Director Gobbitt Kirby ExpertAgent is a leading provider of software solutions and provides essential systems for the daytoday management of inventory marketing and communications for estate agents and lettings agents across the UK. Rationale ExpertAgent helps enhance ZPGs software product portfolio and allows us to continue to enhance the services we offer to UK property professionals including software and CRM digital marketing and data insight tools. ExpertAgent has been our groups agency software supplier for around four years now.