Also includes Air Partner Remarketing and shortterm aircraft leasing services. Private Jets 39 Small aircraft and jets charter up to 19 passengers for corporates high net worth individuals and governments for both business and leisure. Bespoke service and prepaid JetCard product for access to private jets. Freight 4 Cargo transport aircraft charter and partcharter from Learjets to the giant Antonov 225 for regular and bespoke requirements eg emergency aid drops timecritical doortodoor freight delivery and onboard couriers. Consulting Training Baines Simmons 100 Worldleading aviation safety consulting and training services in regulation compliance and safety management for civil and defence aviation organisations. Clockwork Research acquired December 2016 Fatigue risk management consulting services principally for aviation customers as well as other safety critical operating environments such as the oil and gas and mining sectors. Percentages represent that companys or products proportion of the divisions overall gross proft. Clockwork Research was acquired just before the year end so its contribution was negligible. 8 Air Partner plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Explaining our business Market overview We have been in aviation services for more than 55 years. The market both aviation and the wider market has changed significantly during that time. With a history in aircraft broking centred on the UK our vision is to become a worldclass aviation services group. A steadily growing global aviation market In the short term the global aviation market can be adversely affected by geopolitical issues or acts of God but the longerterm trend is positive. The International Air Transport Association IATA predicts passenger traffic to increase to 7.2 billion passengers in 2035 a near doubling of the 3.8 billion air travellers in 2016 1. While this assumption is based on trade liberalisation gathering pace even a more pessimistic assumption based on increased protectionism predicts 5.8 billion passengers in 2035. The message is clear the aviation market is growing and as it does so the demand for aviation services will also increase. We are therefore adding new service lines to complement our core broking offering strengthening our customer proposition and extending our global reach. Our unique position in the market In an industry where asset ownership is commonplace Air Partners strategy is different. We dont own aircraft rather our main assets are our people brands and reputation see our business model on pages 1011 and we aim to grow on this basis. Meeting our clients needs is at the heart of everything we do. By offering more services in the two broad categories of broking and consultingtraining not only do we increase the chance of retaining our customers we have the opportunity to crosssell services to strengthen our relationships further. Environment Our own direct carbon footprint is negligible however we are involved in an industry that makes a small but significant contribution to manmade carbon dioxide emissions. Accordingly we have investigated the environmental performance of the aircraft types we offer and uniquely among our competitors we share this data with our customers right from the start so they can factor this into their choices. Unlike other providers who may or often may not offer just a standard carbon offset scheme based on their own limited fleet which could be illsuited to the mission in any case Air Partner offers a totally bespoke solution every time. Then we offer to neutralise the calculated impact of these emissions. The market for broking At Air Partner broking encompasses commercial jets private jets freight emergency planning our bespoke disaster response service and aircraft remarketing. The global air charter market is highly fragmented with low barriers to entry and little or no regulation. Other than direct competitors there are also competitors offering similar services with a different business model particularly in the private jet sector eg fractional ownership charter of their own aircraft or charter of aircraft under their management. Other competitors aim to use technology to create a seamless endtoend booking process seeing this as an advantage. 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 bn 2015 Optimistic 2020 2025 2030 2035 Base case Pessimistic Passenger traffic growth scenarios Pax billion 1. Source IATA. Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 9 Air Partner plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We aim to differentiate ourselves as follows service we offer our customers an unrivalled service whether this be a product that provides better service levels such as JetCard or a complete service that our competitors can not offer such as a charter service with a safety audit of the carrier reputation in a market where competitors come and go our 55year heritage demonstrates stability safety quality and financial performance our people in our experience technology can not replace people. We invest in technology to improve the customer experience and drive efficiencies but the key to our success is a genuine 247365 service by our aviation experts for customers who want a bespoke personal service. Material geopolitical events andor natural disasters can cause shortterm downturns in demand for aircraft charter for example 911 or the Eyjafjallajkull volcanic eruption although our Emergency Planning Division is often called on at such times for example providing aid to a disaster zone or arranging troop transfers or evacuations in times of war. Moreover our vision to supply a greater range of services across a broader geographic area should help mitigate local challenges.