We provide a comprehensive range of services to support todays multichannel retail environment. From order management to delivery and assembly of goods in the home we can streamline the process and deliver customer satisfaction. Asset utilisation. In a competitive environment we work to ensure operations are efficient and assets are utilised. Approaches include collaborative warehousing shared transport options as well as redeploying our own assets to support peak trading periods. Transformation. We continuously improve operations and innovate and transform them through the introduction of new technologies and approaches. Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 STRATEGIC REPORT OUR BUSINESS 58 of Group 50 of Group HOW WE ARE RESPONDING Delivering for our customers We pride ourselves on fulfilling our existing customers home delivery needs alongside building solid solutions that allow both retailers and consumers to benefit from the simplest and most seamless fulfilment methods available in todays market. Supported by customer results and reviews eg. TrustPilot. Continuously improving our operations We have a large continuous improvement team tasked with optimising and improving operations. This coupled with a proactive approach to collaboration provides a realistic and highly valuable benefit for customers who are looking to reduce their overall cost to serve whilst maintaining high service levels. Evolving our capability We continue to work with large customers to meet their multichannel needs by developing smarter and more efficient ways of working. We continue to introduce new capabilities for example the implementation of the latest platform edition of Manhattan Associates Warehouse Management System WMS. Manhattans market leading multichannel fulfilment solution will provide Wincanton and its retail customers with a flexible order fulfilment approach that delivers an integrated multichannel buying experience for the consumer. Our multichannel operations adapt quickly to changing shopping behaviours so that our customers can deliver the right brand experience CHALLENGES Delivering the right brand experience SALE Both volume and value of last mile deliveries are increasing as consumers are more confident at purchasing goods online. Retailers face the reality of placing their brands in the hands of third parties in order to fulfil their customer orders which requires trust and integrity. Cost to serve Cost to serve is high on the agenda with retailers continuing to demand better value from suppliers. Cost pressures impact all areas of the supply chain and as margins are squeezed the importance of operational optimisation becomes a central focus point providing much needed areas of cost efficiency. The customer journey The customer journey continues to be the primary focus for retailers as the expectation of a multichannel experience becomes increasingly embedded in habitual consumer behaviour. The increasingly complex supply chain that is being driven as a result of this requires pragmatic and well thought through solutions. Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Directors remuneration report Directors report Independent auditors report Accounts Delivering a multichannel experience Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 STRATEGIC REPORT FEATURE Delivering a multichannel experience HELPING RETAILERS STAY AHEAD Wincantons skills and experience are helping retailers rise to the multiple challenges of todays multichannel environment. With our support retailers are able to offer faster more flexible and more reliable services giving consumers a seamless logistics supply chain time after time instore online and everywhere in between. We have a proud and proven track record across every aspect of retail supporting household names market leaders and smaller specialists with a range of technologies services and support facilities. Nobody matches our ability to plan schedule and deliver goods safely effectively and efficiently no matter the location. For example our new warehouse management technology is giving retailers new capabilities in the storage picking packing and despatching of small orders in particular helping them grow their businesses in new and exciting ways. Similarly the huge fund of knowledge we have gained in the construction industry is helping retailers in the DIY sector improve home deliveries of bulky materials. From collection at the dockside to fulfilment from click and collect to home delivery with installation across every size of retailer in every sector we make sure that the consumer experience supports the brand promise. Wincanton plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 7 Strategic report Governance Directors remuneration report Directors report Independent auditors report Accounts Industrial T ransport Addressing approximately a quarter of the supply chain spend in the UK our Industrial T ransport operations smoothly handle a wide range of industrial products through an extensive and typically specialised network. The products are as diverse as fuel bricks and specialist engineering components alongside the transport of containers and general goods. It also includes the maintenance of LGVs and HGVs. Revenue 468.8m Underlying operating profit 26.3m Revenue 207.0m Revenue 1 34.4m Revenue 1 27.4m Transport. We operate a large fleet of general and specialist vehicles. This includes the UKs largest fleet of mechanical offloaders for bricks and blocks readymix cement mixers and fuel tankers in addition to the more common general haulage services. Compliant operations. Whether storing or moving goods our services meet many stringent compliance and accreditation standards including SC21 FORS and ADR as well as exceeding our own high targets for health and safety performance. Asset optimisation. We optimise our fleet as well as customer fleets through effective support systems increased deployment of technology supported by proactive maintenance via the Pullman business to ensure performance as well as compliance. WHAT WE DO MARKET SECTORS TRANSPORT SERVICES Serves all our retail consumer and industrial customers as well as shipping lines and freight forwarders with general haulage container transport and fleet maintenance services UKwide. Customers include Howdens Joinery Lucozade Ribena Suntory Mediterranean Shipping Company MSC Etex CONSTRUCTION Manufacturers of construction products eg. bricks aggregates etc. and construction primes managing large projects requiring timely flows of key components eg. cement. Customers include Brett Hanson Ibstock Tarmac OTHER Specialist sectors including defence energy and food with specific compliance and operating requirements.