Ms Rosoowska has had an accomplished career in Central and Eastern Europe specialising in the consumer and marketing sector and she brings valuable and relevant experience and consumer insights to the Board. I know that the Board is looking forward to working with the Companys senior management team and all colleagues in what will be another year of exciting growth. Looking ahead As the 2018 financial year begins we remain very optimistic for the coming twelve months. Growth will continue to be a top priority for us and with an ever stronger balance sheet a continued focus on driving operating costs lower one of the youngest most efficient fleets in Europe and an underpenetrated market in Central and Eastern Europe we believe we can continue to deliver improving returns for our Shareholders. William A. Franke Chairman 24 May 2017 Wizz Air Holdings Plc Annual report and accounts 2017 10 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Financial performance The 2017 financial year delivered profitable growth with passenger numbers increasing by 18.9 per cent. year onyear to 23.8 million. The trading environment experienced in FY 2017 of very low fares and increasing fuel prices unquestionably favoured our ultralowcost business model and we were able to increase our growth rate strengthen our number one position in CEE and also maintain one of the highest profit margins of any European carrier. Our market leading position with the combination of one of the highest growth rates and profit margins of all European airlines makes Wizz Air one of the most exciting airline businesses in Europe. Operating the most efficient aircraft with the latest technology has always been a key foundation stone of Wizz Airs ultralow cost base. Our fleet currently has an average age of just 4.4 years one of the youngest in Europe. We continue to build on that foundation with a delivery stream of brand new A321ceo aircraft which deliver double digit cost savings compared to A320ceo aircraft. At the end of FY 2017 we operated 16 A321ceo aircraft representing a quarter of the airlines seat capacity which gives us a clear cost advantage compared to most of our rivals. The resilience of our ultralow cost business model which we are convinced is the best model for stimulating air travel in CEE combined with our growing diversified network and our ever stronger balance sheet places Wizz Air in a unique position to exploit the significant market opportunity that exists in a market of over 300 million people. Our strong performance was driven by capacity expansion higher load factors higher passenger growth and continued improvements to our industryleading ultralowcost base. In numbers we delivered ticket revenues that increased by 2.3 per cent. to 915.5 million ancillary revenue that increased by 22.7 per cent. to 655.7 million total airline unit cost that decreased by 7.8 per cent. to 3.15 cents per Available Seat Kilometre ASK a 19.7 per cent. increase in the capacity offered to the market as measured by ASKs as we extended and deepened our network of routes to and from Central and Eastern Europe and an increase in our average load factor by 1.9 percentage points to 90.1 per cent. in the financial year despite significant capacity expansion. Strategic progress The Company is convinced that its strategy of building on its strong network highly efficient model compelling customer proposition solid finances and sound risk management policies will enable it to deliver sustainable growth and returns for Shareholders. Wizz Airs management team enforces rigorous cost control in all aspects of the Groups business and has created a companywide business culture that is keenly focused on driving costs lower. The Company believes that this cost advantage protects Wizz Airs market position enables it to offer some of the lowest ticket prices in its markets stimulates demand in its markets and supports continued profitable growth. With its ultralowcost structure innovative unbundled pricing strategy leading market position among low cost carriers in CEE and track record of expansion in CEE and beyond the Company believes that it is well positioned to continue to grow profitably. Wizz Airs infrastructure including personnel processes systems and relationships with suppliers of outsourced services is scalable and sufficiently flexible to support Wizz Airs growth plans. The Company believes that Wizz Air is a pioneering airline in the markets in which it operates by seeking to bring the lowcost carrier concept and Western European aviation standards into currently underserved new Eastern markets and is at the forefront of airline innovation in these new markets. Wizz Air has a strong track record of working with regulators to develop appropriate regulatory structures in nonEU countries. Wizz Air has been able to leverage the knowhow market understanding and cultural awareness of its senior management team and employees to build strong relationships with airport operators suppliers governments and regulators in new markets and is able to present itself as a reliable partner that to date has never exited from a country where it has established an operating base. Wizz Air Holdings Plc Annual report and accounts 2017 11 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Strengthened leadership in CEE Wizz Air continues to be the clear market leader in Central and Eastern Europe maintaining our market share of over 39 per cent. of lowcost airline traffic. The expansion of our network with 113 new routes launched in FY 2017 has allowed us to strengthen our position reaching new customers throughout the region. Today we operate in 19 of the 21 CEE countries serving the market by offering a network of 28 bases and 141 destinations in 42 countries. With a low propensity to travel and lowcost market penetration currently at 40.4 per cent. source data Innovata April 2016 March 2017 there remains a significant opportunity for Wizz Air and we continue to believe that the ultralowcost business model is best placed to serve this market.