We look for exceptional people with the right attitude. 6500 applications 98 employee satisfaction We employ bright highly motivated people who care about the organisation they work for. They deliver for customers year after year. Our people Markets and offering Vendor partnerships Customer relationships WHAT SETS US APART See pages 12 to 19 to read more 13.0 2016 12.2 10.5 2016 9.9 Strategic report 6 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our strategy WE HAVE A SIMPLE FORMULA FOR GROWTH Business can be complicated we strive to make it less so. OUR GOAL To be the leading IT infrastructure provider in terms of employee engagement customer satisfaction and shareholder return. DEVELOP OFFERING BUILD SCALE WIN NEW CUSTOMERS In 2017 customer numbers grew organically for the tenth year in succession but we still only serve around one in five from our target markets. Our ability to develop new capabilities and quickly form strong relationships with innovative vendors is second to none. An expanding branch network growing recruitment capacity and flourishing service capability position us well for sustainable growth. SELL MORE TO EXISTING CUSTOMERS The opportunity to help customers with an increasing range of technology choices has never been greater. OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 6 Overall how would you describe the performance of the Company last year I think we had a very satisfactory financial year 2017 and I am pleased with the outcome. Revenue growth was really strong at 24. Im always most interested in our gross profit growth and that was equally pleasing for me being up 13 despite last year containing a oneoff benefit that we knew would not repeat. So excluding that in underlying terms growth in gross profit was 16. Our growth would indicate that once again we have taken further market share in our sector. The gross profit growth resulted in 10 adjusted EBIT growth 16 underlying i.e. excluding the 2016 oneoff procurementrelated profit benefit while we continue to invest in new capabilities. That combined with another year of strong cash generation resulted in the special dividend weve proposed alongside these results. But time doesnt stand still and we are now focused on the opportunity to do it all again in 2018. Did any technology area or business line particularly stand out for you in 2017 All our major business lines showed good growth in the year. Our security and services businesses were perhaps the two standout performers delivering very strong growth. Our security business has been one of our key strengths for many years now. We saw strong underlying growth in this area which was further assisted by purchases related to organisations preparing themselves for General Data Protection Regulation GDPR compliance which will be enforced from 25 May 2018. This is a significant challenge for the majority of our customers and there is a lot more work required in this area which is therefore a good opportunity for us moving forward. General security risks continue to grow in complexity and frequency and are now a major boardroom priority highlighted by high profile events like the WannaCry attacks. Softcat was particularly proactive in advising and assisting customers on these types of threats. We have invested significantly in our own services capability and we continue to work with a number of third party organisations to complement our internal offering. Particularly in areas such as hybrid cloud migration and mobility in many cases customers are looking to Softcat to provide a complete solution rather than trying to stitch various technology components together themselves. We completed a large number of projects in these areas using tried and tested expertise and templates. OUR COMPANY WORD OF THE YEAR FOR 2018 IS OPPORTUNITY Chief Executives statement Im delighted by how the Company has performed in 2017 and our momentum into the new financial year is strong. QA with Martin Hellawell Chief Executive Strategic report 7 Softcat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executives statement continued Y ou have six branches now how did they each perform Yes thats right we have branches in Marlow London Manchester Leeds Glasgow and Bristol but have also recently announced that we intend to open a seventh location on the South Coast in the first half of this new financial year. All existing branches met expectations and achieved positive growth. For me the standout performers were Manchester and London. We very much enjoyed our first full financial year in Scotland and are delighted with the number of new Scottish customers who are trading with Softcat since we became established there. What about the markets you serve The SMB and midmarket remains our largest segment and despite our market leadership position continues to grow very nicely from a very large base. Our public sector business saw very strong growth again this year and the enterprise segment also outpaced overall Company growth and its pleasing to see us tapping into that opportunity. The vast majority of our business is in the UK but we assist an increasing number of our customers with their requirements outside the UK. How have you performed against your business model this year In essence our business model begins by recruiting large numbers of new employees into the organisation to help support and further augment our growth. Most sales people join straight from university or at early stages of their career. This has been supplemented by a successful apprenticeship scheme which has been recognised with a number of awards this year. We take more experienced people into the organisation for other positions notably in services. Finding the right people to join the Company is never easy and perhaps our biggest challenge as a business but we had another excellent year of recruiting excellent new talent into the organisation. Once in the organisation we strive to be a great place to work and to fully motivate our employees.