Our clients continue to strengthen their operations in a period of intensive change injecting control reducing both costs and operational risk and complying with the rapidly evolving regulatory framework. As similar regulations are adopted in Asia and the Dodd Frank and IOSCO framework extends to new waves of market participants Lombard Risk is well placed to continue this success. With another major release in January the addition of exchangetraded derivatives to COLLINE once again underlines the value derived from creating a truly crossproduct collateral solution designed to work across asset classes from the ground up. Attracting new Futures Commission Merchant FCM clients in Europe and North America as well as presenting an important upgrade to existing customers its immediate success validates our strategy to offer a comprehensive and uptodate solution suitable for the biggest Tier 1 organisations. However our collateral expertise is equally relevant across the market to participants of all sizes and building on our success of hosting COLLINE in the cloud for some clients we launched AgileCOLLATERAL in November. With a focus on control combining simplicity of both onboarding and daytoday operations AgileCOLLATERAL offers the power of COLLINE tailored to the operational model of clients of any size. Keeping pace with the regulators Work has continued to deliver our vision to establish AgileREPORTER as the leading regulatory reporting solution across North America Europe and Asia. Deployed as either an integrated package with our strategic partner Oracle or implemented directly on top of existing data sources by Lombard Risk we have clients live on both versions of the platform. Creating a single platform to meet the future challenges of regulatory reporting whilst maintaining the value of our clients previous investments is the primary goal of AgileREPORTER. With critical new returns such as the European Central Bank ECB AnaCredit and the Federal Reserve 2052a supported by the new webbased front end we have comprehensive migration paths for our extensive customer base. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervisions regulation number 239 continues to dominate our and our clients thinking alike with the emphasis on robust timely accurate and complete returns driving a step change in both data architecture and requirements for data lineage. AgileREPORTER is designed with all these characteristics in mind and in addition seeks to offer clients cost savings by reusing core components with advanced workflow tooling allowing for the optimisation of regulatory reporting resources. A quality client base Lombard Risks extensive client base has always been a huge asset to the Group both from a commercial perspective and also in terms of the market insights that such a diverse global community brings. Our clients range from some of the largest Tier 1 banks through our specialism in supporting foreign branches to some of the smallest buyside participants in the derivatives markets. This group offered over 200 opportunities for services and additional modules in addition to several longterm renewal extensions on both sides of the business during the year. In addition to our valued existing client base we were pleased to add four major collateral customers close two AgileREPORTER for Oracle Financial Services Analytical Applications OFSAA deals with our partner Oracle and welcome several other reporting clients including a major greenfield challenger bank choosing AgileREPORTER to meet its reporting requirements. Delivering to such an extensive client community requires a highly skilled professional services organisation and we pride ourselves on the quality of our implementation support. With a high number of projects being managed to an externally imposed regulatory deadline and multiple clients having to meet those deadlines simultaneously we have become adept at leveraging our extensive use of client feedback to provide the highest levels of support. Critical partnerships We have continued to work closely with our strategic partner Oracle America Inc. adding the ECB and European Banking Authority EBA reporting schedules to those previously developed for the Federal Reserve. The magnitude of the client investment projects involving an endtoend solution offered in partnership with Oracle has meant that deal progression has been slower than both parties would have liked but with five clients signed and a strong pipeline in North America Europe and Australia we are extremely optimistic about the opportunities being pursued for fiscal year 2018. Chief Executive Officers statement continued 6 Lombard Risk Management plc Annual report and accounts 2017 In November we announced an exciting new relationship with Atos taking our cloudbased collateral management solution to the German market. This important milestone represents critical progress in allowing us to open key geographies with local expertise and represents a key strategic step. After a year of internal organic growth we anticipate partner arrangements such as Atos and Oracle playing a major role in driving our future expansion. The collateral management landscape continues to evolve at a frenetic pace. As a truly crossassetclass collateral management system the key strengths of COLLINE lie in a combination of that asset class breadth industry standard connectivity inventory management and intelligent automation. We continue to work with other partners such as AcadiaSoft and Razor Risk to extend our reach whilst playing to our core competencies. As the market evolves we continue to look ahead and cooperate with our industryleading partners for the benefit of all our mutual clients. Lombard Risk is an innovative software company with an outstanding services organisation supporting our clients. We continue to engage with consulting partners not only to extend our reach but also to give clients implementation and integration options with some of the worlds leading firms including Accenture and PwC. Leadership and talent Lombard Risk has continued to invest in talent at all levels of the organisation to support our growth. After major changes to the executive leadership last year the focus has been on sales leadership sales executives product expertise and technology talent including of course the buildout of our new technology centre in Birmingham. On a geographic basis the focus has been on developing and upgrading talent in North America and Europe with additional strategic hires in Asia.