However we did not achieve the campaign plan that both we and Bayer CropScience BCS Chief Executives Review 05 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE REPORT STRATEGIC REPORT our partner in the country had set for the season. This resulted in a build up in channel inventory levels which adversely impacted BCSs planned purchase volumes for the forthcoming 201718 growing season. We regard this as a temporary setback brought about by poor market conditions last season. Factors included poor crop prices restricted availability of farm credit and overall poor economic sentiment in Brazil. Strategy The Group has operated since 2011 under a strategic plan which directed commercial and product development efforts towards building three pillars sell direct to market globalise and scale and accelerate innovation. Over the last 12 months we have evolved this strategy for the next stage of our development. Our update recognises that RD activities are at the core of what we are seeking to achieve and that these provide the main engine for an appreciation in longterm shareholder value. This 2017 strategic plan i organises our RD efforts to address specific plant physiological responses and resource prioritisation that limit crop yields ii focuses these research efforts on soybeans and wheat as initial models for dicot and monocot plant classes iii embeds a replicable RD platform approach to the discovery of new small molecules iv concentrates product development on novel synthetic and defined chemistries and v builds partnerships with companies that growers trust in order to commercialise products and fund further RD. The refined strategy forms the basis of a fiveyear business and RD plan that the Group will continue to progress as the business develops. 4m FUNDRAISE MAINTAINS RD MOMENTUM FIRST COMPLETE SOYBEAN PORTFOLIO TRIALS Our strategy evolution recognises that RD activities are at the core of what we are seeking to achieve and that these provide the main engine for an appreciation in longterm shareholder value. 06 PLANT IMPACT PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Our strategy Advancing understanding of plant responses to establish crop enhancement as a trusted category of agricultural inputs. Chief Executives Review continued PRIORITIES DESCRIPTION 201617 PROGRESS LOOKING FORWARD 0.1 Focus RD on plant physiological responses and plant resource prioritisation Our work begins with an understanding of plant physiology to ensure maximum product efficacy Our RD team has made good progress with characterising key yieldlimiting plant response challenges to our model crops and defining six research focus areas to guide our platform projects see pipeline p 20 to 21 Our research collaborations with institutions such as Ghent University University of Nottingham and Lancaster University are helping to advance understanding of plant responses to stress We are in discussions to establish further research collaborations including projects with leading universities in the USA 0.2 Target model dicot and monocot crops broad leaf and grass crop classes Soybeans and wheat are our model dicot and monocot crops. The insight and capabilities we are gaining as we develop full programmes of technologies for these two crops will help us to extend these for other major crops in the future eg. cotton and oil seed rape dicots and rice and corn monocots For the first time in 2016 our soybean RD trials in Brazil featured pipeline products covering plant stresses at every stage of the growing cycle We anticipate launching 23 new soybean products within the next 2 years 0.3 Use chemistry novel synthetic and defined small molecule compounds Compared with alternative biostimulant types microbes proteins organic mixtures etc small molecule chemistry presents product candidates that are stable under field conditions readily formulated into usable form inexpensive to manufacture and compatible with current grower practice. Chemistry delivers maximum reliability of effect enabling targeting of specific plant responses and a simpler regulatory pathway than alternatives In 201617 we built the momentum of our discovery work resulting in advances such as identification of new lead molecules which can target abiotic stress responses. Our agreement with Ghent University gives us access to novel compounds as part of our focus on drought tolerance In FY18 we plan to invest in higher throughput discovery and screening capabilities 0.4 Create effective products from a replicable RD platform approach Our platform is founded on repeatable processes we have developed for predicting chemical entities that will perform then rapidly characterising them for efficacy We increased RD investment to provide additional laboratory space. Publication of our first platform and pipeline presentation As our platform process embeds we expect it to drive regular discoveries of new bioactive molecules synergistic mixtures and formulation technologies. We are also considering bringing currently outsourced technical research capabilities in house 0.5 Build partnerships that growers trust to commercialise product and fund RD We believe that innovation is only validated through grower adoption under commercial conditions.