Financial performance Total sales grew to 960.0 million in 2017 up 7.4 per cent. Within this companymanaged shop likeforlike sales grew by 3.7 per cent. Underlying operating profit excluding property profits and exceptional items grew by 4.6 per cent to 81.7 million 2016 78.1 million. Pretax profit including exceptional items fell by 4.3 per cent to 71.9 million. Market background Economic conditions became more challenging in 2017 with business cost inflation rising significantly due to food ingredient and labour cost increases affecting the entire sector. We were able to leverage our scale and deliver productivity improvements to mitigate some of these pressures but as expected saw some yearonyear margin slippage. The market generally saw price inflation returning to the food sector which resulted in a slowdown in disposable income growth for our customers. Whilst the foodonthego sector remains highly competitive a further year of unbroken growth in likeforlike sales demonstrates the continued relevance and strength of the Greggs brand. Good growth and further strategic progress Delivering our strategy Greggs is a strong and trusted brand and we draw on our heritage in fresh bakery to compete successfully in the foodonthego market. Our purpose is to make good freshly prepared food accessible to everyone with the aim of becoming the customers favourite for foodonthego. We are committed to conducting our business in a responsible manner and in doing so to have a positive impact on peoples lives. Our strategy has four pillars 1. Great tasting freshly prepared food Greggs products are differentiated by the way we freshly prepare food each day in our shops and by offering outstanding value for good quality great tasting foodonthego. Total sales up 7.4 960m Underlying operating profit excluding property profits 81.7m 4.6 11 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report value. Sales of healthier options including our Balanced Choice range offering fewer than 400 calories and good nutritionals continue to grow as we extend menu choice and take steps to encourage healthier food choices through disproportionate space allocation and promotion in our shops. Alongside development of our Balanced Choice range we have adopted a proactive approach to supporting the Governments Childhood Obesity Plan and making significant efforts to reduce salt fat and sugar in our products and to encourage greater consumption of vegetables in the diet. Hot food Hot food is another area of growing customer demand providing foodonthego solutions for all times of the day. Sales of hot sandwiches and hot soup are growing well and provide a platform for further menu development which we intend will create the opportunity to extend trading in Greggs for longer in the day as our reputation grows. Good food Customers increasingly care where their food comes from and because we make the majority of our food ourselves we are well placed to deliver food they can trust. Unlike the majority of our competitors who resell boughtin finished products we are a largescale food manufacturer in our own right dealing at source with base ingredients. We have invested significantly in recent years gaining independent accreditation for our sourcing and manufacturing credentials and have set out to lead the foodonthego sector in eliminating or reducing unnecessary ingredients at the same time as providing full information to allow customers to make informed choices. Making good freshly prepared food accessible to all income levels is embedded in our core purpose as a brand with outstanding value meal deals setting us apart from the competition. Our product strategy has been to nurture and protect our marketleading reputation in longestablished traditional bakery categories adapted to foodonthego whilst developing new reasons to visit Greggs by offering quality and value in new growth areas. Our traditional categories including fresh baked savoury snacks freshly prepared sandwiches and delicious sweet bakery treats remain our bestselling products and are being supported by strong growth in new categories. Breakfast Breakfastonthego continues to grow strongly and Greggs has established a leading position by focusing on offering outstanding value with our breakfast meal deal starting at just 2. This remains our fastestgrowing part of our trading day and we continue to build increased spend and visit frequency through menu development. Strategically it plays an important role in diversifying demand patterns making us less reliant on general shopping missions and less sensitive to weather. Hot drinks Led by coffee at breakfast our reputation for quality value and service in this growth category continues to build enabling us to extend our drinks menu choice. Hot drinks feature in all of our meal deal offers and it is this outstanding value that differentiates us from our competitors. Balanced Choice Growing public concern over obesity is driving increased demand for healthier choices in foodon thego. Greggs has a key role to play in encouraging healthier food choices making good quality freshly prepared food accessible nationwide at outstanding Did you know Breakfast remains the fastestgrowing part of our trading day and we continue to build increased spend and visit frequency through menu development. Look closer at how we are being more socially responsible on pages 1623 12 Greggs plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We have a strong pipeline of new shop openings for 2018 and are planning to further accelerate our shop growth aiming to add in the range of 110130 net new shops in the year. Looking ahead Once again we have a strong pipeline of new product developments planned for the year ahead strengthening traditional product areas and continuing to build our reputation in new growth categories. 2. Best customer experience As well as offering great tasting great value food Greggs is loved by customers because of our fast and friendly service. Working in a Greggs shop is very demanding so we rely on our amazing teams to deliver fast friendly service under pressure.