The statutory reported performance of the Group is explained in the financial review with detailed reconciliation between statutory and underlying performance provided on page 15. The Group delivered a strong financial performance in 2017 with underlying operating profit increasing by 27 .0 on a constant currency basis to 162.9m and with a constant currency increase excluding TFS in the operating margin of 50 bps. The consolidation of TFS added a further 30 bps bringing the Group margin to 6.8. T otal revenue increased by 11.7 on a constant currency basis including likefor like sales growth of 3.1 net contract gains of 6.0 and a negative impact of 0.3 from the additional leap year day in 2016. The TFS business contributed a further 2.9 to revenue. Likefor like growth in the air sector has again been stronger than the rail sector driven by increasing passenger numbers in most of our markets. Net contract gains were 6.0 in the year an encouraging increase from last years gains of 1.7. We saw very strong contributions from North America and the Rest of the World reporting net gains of c.23 and c.18 respectively. Significant new openings at Chicago Midway and JFK T7 airports in North America and in Hong Kong and China in the Rest of the World have contributed to this strong performance. We are encouraged by the pipeline of new contracts. During the year we won a number of significant new contracts including at airports in Seattle Los Angeles and Boston in North America and at Cebu in the Philippines. The strong operating margin improvement of 50 bps reflects the likefor like sales growth and further encouraging progress on our strategic initiatives. We delivered strong free cash flow of 89.0m after investing 115.0m in capital expenditure excluding capital contributions from our partners which was a 19.1m increase on the prior year. The increase in capital expenditure reflects our net gains. Reported net debt fell from 317 .4m to 262.2m. The reduction in net debt was driven by the free cash flow of 89.0m net of the dividend payment of 29.0m. We have taken the decision to increase the ordinary dividend and pay out 40 of net income. This takes the payout ratio to the top of the range we gave at the IPO of 3040. Furthermore we are proposing a special dividend of approximately 100m accompanied by a proposed share consolidation which reflects our confidence in the future of the business and our desire to maintain an efficient balance sheet. Summary and outlook The Group delivered a strong financial performance in the year with good likefor like sales growth very strong net gains and improvement in operating margin. The new financial year has started in line with our expectations and the pipeline of new contracts is encouraging. Looking forward we face a higher level of general economic uncertainty but the significant structural growth opportunities and our programme to deliver operational excellence leave us well placed to continue to deliver both for our customers and our shareholders. Kate Swann Chief Executive Officer 21 November 2017 Significant structural growth opportunities in our market and our programme of strategic initiatives leave us well placed to continue to deliver longterm sustainable value for our shareholders. CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT STRATEGIC REPORT SSP GROUP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4 61 SSP revenue generated in the air sector in 201 7 33 SSP revenue generated in the rail sector in 201 7 1 Company estimate based on third party market research March 2014 commissioned for the SSP IPO. This identified a core market of 13.8bn in 2013 which includes airports and railway stations globally but excludes rail in North America. The equivalent market in 2015 amounts to c. 14bn at average exchange rates or c. 15bn on a constant currency basis. 2 ACI World Traffic Forecast 2016. 3 ACI World 2016 and IATA 2016. 4 ORR Eurostat 2017. 5 OECD 2017. 6 UIC 2017 includes HS2 planned investment. According to Airport Council International ACI 2 air passenger numbers are expected to grow at 5.2 per annum to 2029 reaching more than double the seven billion passengers in 2015. This growth is underpinned by a number of factors including rising disposable incomes particularly in developing markets with the emergence of a more affluent middle class the increasing globalisation of business investment in airline capacity in particular by lowcost carriers which have driven prices down and stimulated demand and investment in airport infrastructure most notably in developing markets As a consequence further growth in passenger numbers is forecast over the mediumterm in all our geographic markets. Forecasting to 2040 ACI anticipates these increases to be strongest in the Middle East and Africa 7 .7 and Asia Pacific 6.2 with India expected to become the third largest country by total passenger traffic. Smaller increases are forecast for the more mature European 3.7 and North American regions 2.8 3. Spend per passenger is influenced by several factors the quality of the catering proposition at airports the rapid growth of lowcost airlines with a typically limited catering offer and the scaling back of onboard services by major flagship carriers which all help drive spend levels. Rail passengers in our key European markets UK France and Germany were estimated to total 5.8 billion 4 in 2016. Passenger numbers within these countries have increased at an average annual rate ranging from 1.9 to 3.5 since 2013 4 with moderate growth forecast to continue in the medium term. Supporting this growth is the ongoing investment in rail infrastructure by governments seeking to encourage passengers to switch from road to rail transport and to also address environmental concerns 5. This investment has resulted in a significant expansion in track including in the highspeed rail network which has increased 13 since 2010 across the UK France and Germany with a further 40 already planned or under construction in existing projects 6.