Richard Baker Chairman We have a clear plan and we have made good progress against our strategic priorities Whitbread one of Britains oldest and most successful companies celebrates 275 years in business this year. 275 This year is our 275th anniversary 8.9m Raised since 2012 to fund the Premier Inn Clinical Building at Great Ormond Street Hospital 11 Costa Foundation school projects completed in 201617 6.0 Increase in full year dividend Force for Good Strategic report Whitbread Annual Report and Accounts 201617 05 The third new appointment to the Board this year is that of Adam Crozier with effect from 1 April 2017. Adam is Chief Executive of ITV plc and has been Chief Executive of a number of public and private sector organisations over the last 21 years in the media logistics and retail sectors. Adam is a very high quality business leader with a strong background in business transformations brands communication and marketing and his expertise will be of great value to the Whitbread Board as we continue to expand our successful Premier Inn and Costa brands. Wendy Becker stepped down from the Board on 31 December 2016 after nine years of service to Whitbread and Stephen Williams who has also just completed nine years of service will step down immediately after the AGM in June. I would like to thank both Wendy and Stephen for their much valued contribution to the Whitbread Board during a very successful period for the Company. Wendy has played a significant role as a member of all three Board Committees whilst Stephen has served both as Senior Independent Director and more recently as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. I would also like to thank Stephen for extending his membership of the Board so as to provide handover support to Deanna as she takes on the leadership of the Remuneration Committee. I look forward to seeing as many of you as possible at our AGM on Wednesday 21 June 2017. Richard Baker Chairman 24 April 2017 Force for Good I believe that it is important that companies act as a Force for Good in their communities as well as being great employers and of course delivering on financial objectives for their shareholders. This has always been a core value at Whitbread and once again we have made some great progress this year. I reported in last years report that we had raised 6 million for Great Ormond Street Hospital Charity towards a 7.5 million target. I am delighted to be able to report that this target was met in November 2016 with the new Premier Inn Clinical Building due to open later this year. Meanwhile a further 1.8 million has been raised for the Costa Foundation during the year with 72 school projects having been completed so far bringing access to education to thousands of children in coffeegrowing communities. Modern slavery is a live topic this year as companies begin to publish a statement on the subject on their websites. As you would expect Whitbread has published its own statement which can be found on our website. For us this is not merely about meeting a requirement though. I can assure you that it is a subject we take very seriously and we are in no way complacent. More information on our activities in this area can be found on pages 50 to 51. Corporate governance You will see in our remuneration report on pages 78 to 98 that we have proposed some updates to our remuneration policy. The current policy was approved in 2014 and we are required to put an updated policy to shareholders for approval at the AGM. The Remuneration Committee has taken the opportunity to ensure that our policy is well aligned to our strategy and has rebalanced the Annual Incentive Scheme so as to focus a little more on the leading indicators of future financial performance and a little less on inyear profit. It is proposed that LTIP targets be reset so as to reflect the business plans and in particular the cost headwinds such as the National Living Wage business rates commodity price inflation and foreign exchange rates as well as planned investment of nonproductive capital in Germany China and IT. I believe that our approach to remuneration is grounded and conservative and that we are sensibly positioned relative to other companies. Dividend The Board recommends a final dividend of 65.90 pence per share making a total dividend of 95.80 pence per share up by 6.0. The final dividend will be paid on 30 June 2017 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 26 May 2017. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will continue to operate. Details of how to participate in this plan can be found on the Companys website. Details of the Groups dividend policy can be found on page 56 in the Group Finance Directors review. Shareholder benefits Last year having taken account of feedback from shareholders on the previous electronic system we introduced a new shareholder benefits card. Im pleased that the new card appears to have been well received by shareholders and has for the most part worked well. I have certainly noticed a significant reduction in correspondence on the subject. Shareholders who received the card last year should so do automatically this year providing that they still hold the required 64 shares in Whitbread. Any shareholder who holds this number of shares who did not register for a card last year and would like to do so can find further details on page 173. The Board As I mentioned earlier in this statement there have been a number of Board changes during the year as well as changes to the senior executive team which Alison reports on in her review on page 7. Two new independent nonexecutive directors David Atkins and Deanna Oppenheimer joined the Board on 1 January 2017.