Steve has significant defence sector experience and is implementing a strategy to deliver sustainable growth founded on a thorough understanding of the dynamics in our markets and the needs of our customers now and in the future. The Board and I are encouraged by the progress that is being made by Steve and his leadership team and the momentum that is clearly building in the implementation of our strategic priorities. Performance In the year to 31 March 2017 we delivered increased orders revenue and profit. We will continue to prioritise the delivery of sustainable growth with ongoing capital discipline as key elements of QinetiQs investment case. New CFO On 1 March 2017 the Board was delighted to welcome David Smith as Chief Financial Officer following an extensive bluechip career as CFO of both RollsRoyce and of the technology group Edwards and as CEO of Jaguar Land Rover. Our previous CFO David Mellors left QinetiQ at the end of 2016 to join Cobham plc. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank David Mellors for his contribution to QinetiQ he drove a significant strengthening of the balance sheet providing a solid foundation for our future growth. We would also like to thank Dr Malcolm Coffin QinetiQ Group Financial Controller who assumed the CFO role on an interim basis. 4 Strategic report QinetiQ Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategy Over the last 18 months Steve and his executive team led an Integrated Strategic Business Planning process which was thoroughly discussed in a twoday meeting with the Board. In addition to this active involvement in the development of future strategy the Board also ensures the effective scrutiny of mergers and acquisitions. In FY17 the Group completed the purchase of two businesses to support our strategy Meggitt Target Systems in the UK and Canada and RubiKon Group in Australia its first significant acquisitions since 2008. I would like to add my personal welcome to the employees of these two companies and wish them many rewarding years as part of the QinetiQ Group. With a significant amount of activity under way to drive growth in the UK in international markets and through innovation the Board is undertaking deep dives into a number of topics to monitor delivery of the strategy. These deep dives are scheduled throughout the year with relevant members of QinetiQs executive team and papers are submitted in advance so the focus is on twoway discussion rather than presentations. Topics scheduled for FY18 include those related to our strategic priorities progress of the transformation of the Company and focus on our key stakeholders customers employees and shareholders. Governance In addition to the implementation of the Groups strategy for sustainable growth an ongoing priority for the Board is strong governance and the effective stewardship of the Company. During the year Board members visited a number of sites including QinetiQ North America in Waltham MA and MOD Boscombe Down where a number of activities associated with the Groups strategic priority to modernise UK test and evaluation are currently under way. These visits provided the opportunity to see at firsthand how we are implementing strategy and managing risk. Employees The visits have also provided the opportunity to spend time with a number of our employees. I never fail to be impressed by our scientists and engineers whose expertise is in high demand as customers look for innovative ways to defeat new threats to security. Id like to thank all of our employees for their ongoing dedication to our customers. The knowledge and skills of our people are at the heart of our business and so development of our talent is a vital investment. Equally important is the ongoing commitment to the next generation through offering apprenticeships and graduate schemes and outreach programmes with our local schools. Across the Group our employees have done what they do best acting with integrity working collaboratively and focusing on performance for the benefit of our customers three values that underpin the way we work at QinetiQ. We know its not just what we do that is important but how we do it. In FY18 the Board is committing more time to consider how we want our culture to evolve to deliver our vision and strategy how we nurture that culture and how our transformation can contribute. QinetiQs leaders play a vital role of delivering daytoday operational performance and driving change. Steves first decision as CEO was to establish a Leadership Community at QinetiQ and bring together the top 100 leaders every month. Nonexecutive Directors have attended these Leadership Community events during the year contributing to workshops and witnessing how leaders are driving the future direction of the Company. We will continue to focus on leadership and succession planning in FY18. Customers Achieving our ambition of becoming the chosen partner requires a relentless focus on meeting the needs of our customers both in our home markets and overseas. To achieve this we are establishing productive partnerships with others from the largest global companies to small businesses and universities and aim to be open and professional in our relationships with our supply chain basing them firmly on mutual respect. Shareholders Along with employees and customers shareholders are key stakeholders in QinetiQ as the owners of the Company. This year Michael Harper Senior Independent Director and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee has consulted shareholders about the new remuneration policy to ensure it is aligned to their interests. We also enjoyed a constructive dialogue with investors during the CFO transition with a number of them meeting David Smith before he joined. We would like to thank our investors for their continued support. Capital allocation Unlocking QinetiQs potential requires focused investment in growth coupled with continued capital discipline to ensure growing sustainable returns.