A short summary of the activities of each is set out below and on the following pages. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 6 www.nccgroup.trust Stock Code NCC NCC AR2017 proof 8Front.indd 6 09082017 160353 25546.04 9 August 2017 358 PM Proof Six Revenue split Escrow revenue 37.1m Assurance revenue 204.7m Adjusted Revenue Adjusted EBIT Total staff Adjusted EBITDA USA 58.5m UK 144.2m Rest of World 2.0m Europe 37.2m Where NCC Group operates We have a significant market presence in the UK the USA Continental Europe and a smaller footprint in a number of other international locations. All of our geographical markets present opportunities for growth by leveraging our core competencies. 7 NCC Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 May 2017 NCC AR2017 proof 8Front.indd 7 09082017 160355 25546.04 9 August 2017 358 PM Proof Six Group at a glance ASSURANCE DIVISION OVERVIEW The Assurance Division operates in two discreet segments as described below. Security consulting The cyber landscape presents an ever increasing and ever changing threat to security as cyber intruders develop increasingly sophisticated ways to attack corporate networks thereby gaining access to organisations sensitive and valuable data and systems. The Assurance Division brings together a number of diverse product and service offerings in a number of different business lines. The golden thread running through the core businesses is cyber security whether through the provision of consulting and professional services managed services or hardware and software products. These core areas all focus on cyber security in other words how to maintain and protect our customers data and critical business systems from interruption by malicious or accidental events. Information security and cyber security continue to change at a rapid pace with new areas of concern or vulnerabilities frequently and regularly discovered. To stay ahead in the cyberarms race our global corporate culture is aligned with this rapid and constant change. We have created boutique ways of working with cultural values that encourage individuals to fulfil their full creative potential. In conjunction with this creativity the business is committed to listening to its clients requirements. Since much of the work carried out by the Group is research based in order to maintain its equitable and ethical disclosure policies research paid for by third parties and customers is not disclosed unless requested by the paying organisation. Selffunded research by the Group will always be provided to the organisation that it affects in full free of charge and without disclosure until such time as the vulnerability has been resolved in a reasonable timeframe. This does not preclude the Group making a full public disclosure if there is a threat to life or to the general publics online security and the third party is unwilling to remediate the issue. Historically Assurance Division acquisitions have been based upon culture fit and service but never on the basis of profit enhancement by cost reduction or the ability to turn around an ailing business. Threat intelligence and cryptography is the most recent example of this where the Group acquired a business FoxIT to fill directly a product and service need. While progress in rolling these services out to a much broader range of multinational customers has been much slower than expected the opportunity remains an attractive one if we can reorganise ourselves effectively to deliver on it. Threat intelligence is one of the most important tools in an organisations armoury to help prevent and mitigate cyberattack. Our future acquisition strategy will be reviewed and developed after a necessary period of stabilisation and rebuilding of strong foundations in scalable business systems and processes. Following the acquisition of Accumuli plc the Group has the opportunity to offer an integrated managed scanning service as a single client solution hence now referred to as MSS. A project is also underway to put all of our internal and external monitoring services on to the CTMp platform acquired with FoxIT. While the Group will continue to be open to the sale of third party products our focus will be on instances where we can offer value added after sales services. Not all of the Groups sales of products are third party products. Particularly through the Fox business we offer some very highend products to customers that combine hardware and software in one package. This includes DetACT for use by transactional financial services companies and Data Diodes a product range that helps secure oneway data communications such as a utility meter. Both products are sufficiently differentiated that they can attract better margins than third party product reselling. As one of the worlds largest service led security consultancies the Group is capable of leading all cyber security bids rather than having to look for support from larger third parties. Software testing and website performance Essential websites software and infrastructure that support an organisation do not just need protection from malicious attacks they also need guaranteed performance levels. Flaws in code can prevent software from operating at optimum levels and spikes in online traffic can throw websites offline. Currently NCC Group undertakes more than three million web page tests per day for clients worldwide. Average monthly no. of Associates globally 2016 176 Employees globally 2016 1323 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 8 www.nccgroup.trust Stock Code NCC NCC AR2017 proof 8Front.indd 8 09082017 160355 25546.04 9 August 2017 358 PM Proof Six CURRENT YEAR ACQUISITIONS PSC PSC was acquired in September 2016 as part of the Groups strategy of acquiring relatively small bolton consulting businesses.