This improved position allows for more investment in sales and marketing which combined with product enhancements delivered and planned will create further opportunities to integrate the CloudCall platform with additional CRM platforms creating a broader route to market and facilitating further accelerated growth in users and recurring revenues over time. Cloudcall Group plc 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements Strategic Report 6 Cloudcall Group plc Registered number 05509873 Outlook Following our most recent equity raise the Board has conducted a review of the levels of investment in our platform and sales channel development to optimise the cash resources available to ensure our ambitious growth targets are delivered in 2018 and beyond. Based on this planning activity the Board is confident that the business is moving into 2018 stronger more resilient and well placed to deliver on its growth strategy. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our staff for their drive and commitment throughout the year and look forward to 2018 being another year of strong progress against the clear and exciting growth strategy that has been set out for the business. Peter Simmonds Nonexecutive Chairman CloudCall Group plc Cloudcall Group plc 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements Strategic Report 7 Cloudcall Group plc Registered number 05509873 Chief Executives review Performance overview and financial highlights 2017 was a strong year of progress for CloudCall with revenue growing by 42 to 6.9m and recurring revenue growing by 55 compared to the previous year driven in part by a 45 increase in the number of end users to just over 23500. The decision to target sales and marketing activity towards larger midsized businesses has proven to be a successful strategy. Over the course of 2017 our average customer size grew by 24 from 21.6 to 26.9 and we are now growing revenues from within a number of significant new customers. This trend is particularly marked within the recruitment and staffing sector with several new key accounts growing rapidly making inroads into our top 10 customer list. The efficiencies of scale that come with these larger customers means that they are generally more profitable to CloudCall have higher retention rates and enable the opportunity to add more users as the relationship evolves. It should be noted however that their enhanced purchasing power with often larger and longer commercial terms being negotiated has had a slight adverse impact on overall average recurring revenue per user. Elsewhere across the business we have continued to make good progress. Improvements to our customer onboarding processes have helped reduce the average time between order received and go live to approximately 5 weeks meaning that new customers commence billing earlier than has previously been the case. Customer satisfaction is continuing to climb evidenced by the fact that our customer support team continues to deliver excellent support ratings averaging 96 and the number of customers required to be managed by our atrisk triaging process has also fallen during the year. The net effect of this has been a 10 reduction in monthly churn rates achieved over the course of the year and we continue to see improvements as we enter 2018. Constrained growth Whilst these growth rates are impressive our performance was to some extent restricted by a number of constraining factors. Indeed 2017 would be better described as being a year of consolidation and preparation with the business focussing on strengthening the foundations that will support future growth. Prior to the fundraise in the autumn of which the VCTEIS element received HMRC advance approval on 29 November the Group was undeniably cash constrained with available cash resources only allowing for limited investment in sales and marketing activity. Growth rates to date have been achieved with minimal outbound marketing and with sales staff numbers held at minimum viable levels. This lack of dedicated resources has historically held back the rate of new customer acquisition particularly in the US where our addressable market is four or five times that of the UK. In the run up to the yearend and continuing into 2018 the additional funds raised are allowing us to begin expanding our sales and marketing functions and I look forward to reporting on progress later in the year. Cloudcall Group plc 2017 Annual Report and Financial Statements Strategic Report 8 Cloudcall Group plc Registered number 05509873 Resource limitations were also being keenly felt in product development where for much of the year a significant portion of our software development resource was focussed on rebuilding our core infrastructure into a robust multichannel communications platform that would enable us to scale more quickly in 2018. This exercise naturally restricted our ability to launch new revenue impacting products and services in 2017. An improved platform to facilitate growth Driven largely by the millennial generation there is an underlying shift from the more traditional methods of communication towards texting and instant messaging. To allow the Group to take advantage of this trend it was necessary to rebuild the underlying architecture to efficiently expand its product beyond supporting just voice communications to include texting and messaging capabilities as part of a multichannel unified communications solution. Historically CloudCall built bespoke solutions for each CRM partner resulting in differing levels of functionality and an ongoing development overhead associated with maintaining these multiple bespoke software bases. Continuing with this approach would have necessitated building bespoke iterations of any new feature such as SMS or messaging for each supported CRM integration. The new platform architecture is designed with the software components broken down into modules and held centrally as a software library. This allows CRM integrations to be built as simpler frameworks that pull their required functionality modules from this central software library. This approach has multiple benefits in that it improves consistency lowers maintenance overheads allows for faster deployment of new functionality and increases the ease and speed of new integrations with additional CRMs.