It will also provide a solid foundation for future IT investment ultimately contributing to future shareholder returns. We have continued to invest heavily in our people during 2017 most notably through our inhouse training academy to increase and develop our capacity for the domestic smart meter rollout. This capability is also key to our leading health and safety and technical assurance management controls which are at the heart of everything we do. S Annual report and accounts 2017 Smart Metering Systems plc 09 CEOs statement Alan Foy Chief Executive Officer I am pleased to report on the continued strong business and financial performance of SMS for the year ended 31 December 2017. 2017 has been a year of investment in our business building capacity to grow and deliver for our customers in the domestic smart meter rollout which stipulates that smart electricity and gas meters are to be offered to every home in the UK by the end of 2020. After transforming our business model in 2016 through three strategic acquisitions to take control of our delivery services we have accelerated our installation activities throughout 2017. As a result we have grown to have over 2 million utility metering and data assets under management 62 generating 57.0m in annually recurring indexlinked revenue 38. The scale of this opportunity is clear we invested more capital in meter assets and added more annualised recurring revenue in 2017 than in the two previous years combined. This is illustrated by continued progress to the end of February 2018 where our portfolio of meter and data assets stood at 2.26 million generating 60.7m of annualised recurring revenue. In order to grow these installation run rates we have continued to invest in inventory across our business. We have invested in stock to ensure we are able to meet customer demand we have invested in a new operational delivery hub in Doncaster we have invested in our IT systems and in our contact centre we have invested in our health and safety and compliance management and we continue to invest in our field engineer capacity through our accredited training school. We were particularly pleased to also add further financial capacity to the business through the successful completion of a 150m equity placement in November 2017. During 2017 we materially began to roll out smart meter installations from the eight nonexclusive framework agreements with UK domestic energy suppliers signed the previous year and were pleased to add another significant framework contract to this list in August. These nine customers supply c.2.5 million consumers and on their behalf we installed over 370000 smart meters to take our total smart portfolio to over 420000 meters. Operational review During 2017 our gas and electricity meter and data portfolio under management increased by 62 from 1.25 million to over 2 million assets. Meter assets grew by 65 from 958000 to 1583000 and data assets grew by 53 from 294000 to 449000 data points. Our primary financial KPI is our annualised longterm indexlinked recurring revenue derived from our recurring rental revenue from our installed meter and data asset base which increased by 38 from 41.3m to 57.0m as of the end of 2017. This increase of 15.7m compares to an increase of 6.6m in 2016 demonstrating the size of the opportunity ahead of us and is the primary rationale behind the 150m equity placement which provides us with the financial capacity to take advantage of this opportunity. This financial KPI is central to our longterm annuity financial model as once installed these meters provide recurring rental revenue for the lifetime of the assets alongside providing maintenance support and ongoing service opportunities. Industrial Commercial IC market SMS has a strong and proven track record in the IC market and we continue to benefit from continued demand for our services particularly as the government has extended the date for which advanced meters contribute to its smart rollout obligations to October 2018 in the small business segment. This means that not only do we support our contracted energy supplier customers to complete their meter exchange programmes but we also then collect and provide meter consumption data to them and the end users for billing and energy management purposes. Demand for these services remains strong particularly in the micro business category and we expect that to remain the case throughout 2018. In the IC gas market we continue to deploy the ADM device our advanced metering solution which provides halfhourly meter read information and we now have 103000 of these operational across the UK increased from 91000 at the end of 2016. We continue to see opportunities for our ADM device as part of other UK and international utility metering solutions. Capacity for growth We invested more capital in meter assets and added more annualised recurring revenue in 2017 than in the two previous years combined. STRATEGIC REPORT Smart Metering Systems plc Annual report and accounts 2017 10 We also provide and manage multiutility infrastructure solutions throughout the UK. Our services cover the entire connections process from the initial feasibility stages and procurement to the final installation works ranging from oneoff gas and electricity connections to multiutility major projects. Our unrivalled customer service and years of expertise continue to make us the utility connections provider of choice and we see continued and increasing demand for these services. Alan Foy Chief Executive Officer UK Domestic market 2017 saw SMS materially embark on the rollout of smart meters as part of the UK governments mandated smart meter programme which requires all UK households and small businesses to be offered a smart meter by the end of 2020. There are c.53 million gas and electricity meters in the UK and as of the end of September 2017 there were 9.44 million smart and advanced meters installed in homes and businesses across the country.