We are therefore piloting new ways of working to meet their needs. These include the use of digital channels which offer information that is available when it is needed and without having to leave the office. Operational efficiency Our continued drive for operational efficiency is typified by the design and construction of our new plant in China which is using Lean production principles from the outset. We are also streamlining processes and moving to a more flexible cost base in order to remain competitive. As we reshape our business to meet the needs of our customers efficiently we are seeing reductions in the workforce across much of our organisation particularly in our mature Established Markets and in our RD organisation. This reshaping includes plans for further RD site consolidation. These are difficult decisions as they go to the heart of AstraZeneca our people. Where possible we seek to redeploy staff or assist with outplacement and together with my colleagues I remain committed to managing these changes in the right way in accordance with local employment laws our standards and core values. A confident future Our industry is undergoing a period of fundamental change. If we are to be one of the winners in the sector we need to make the necessary changes both to what we do and how we do it. I am confident that within AstraZeneca we have people with the skills to do that and pay tribute to their continued efforts in 2011 to ensure we deliver on our commitments to patients society and our shareholders. I look forward to working with them to build on those efforts in 2012. David R Brennan Chief Executive Officer Overview AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2011 Chief Executive Officers Review 9 Overview Lifecycle of a medicine Phase I studies Studies designed to understand how the potential medicine is absorbed in the body distributed around it and excreted also determine an appropriate dosage and identify side effects. These typically take place in small groups of healthy human volunteers or in certain cases patients. Confirm the most appropriate formulation and begin to develop manufacturing route to ensure the manufacturing process is robust and costs are minimised. May involve external clinicians and organisations in the design and running of these studies. Regulatory submission and pricing Seek approval from regulatory authorities to manufacture market and sell the medicine. Submit package of clinical data which demonstrates the safety profile and efficacy of the medicine to regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities decide whether to grant marketing authorisation based on the medicines safety profile effectiveness and quality. Large numbers of national regional and local payers grant approval for the pricing andor reimbursement of the medicine. Phase III studies Studies typically in large groups of patients designed to gather information about effectiveness and safety of the medicine and evaluate the overall benefitrisk profile in the specific disease and patient segments in which the medicine will be used. Create appropriate branding for the new medicine in preparation for launch. Phase II studies Studies designed to evaluate effectiveness of the medicine typically using small groups of patients. During Phase II studies design a Phase III programme to deliver data required for regulatory approval and pricing andor reimbursement throughout the world. External advisory panels help define the attributes to test in studies to demonstrate whether the potential new medicine can be differentiated from the existing standard treatment of care. Preclinical studies Undertake studies in the laboratory and in animals to understand if the potential medicine should be safe to introduce into humans and in what quantities. Determine likely efficacy side effect profile and maximum tolerable dose estimate in humans. Regulatory authorities are informed of proposed trials which are then conducted within the framework of the relevant regulations. Find potential medicine Identify the unmet medical need and market opportunity. Undertake laboratory research to find a potential medicine that should be potent selective and absorbed into and well tolerated by the body. Begin the process of seeking patent protection for the potential medicine. Collaborate with academia and external clinicians to access the best external science and medical opinion. Time years Phase Discovery Preclinical Clinical Overall probability of success 1 Phase I 63 Phase II 30 Phase III 7 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2011 10 Lifecycle of a medicine Postlaunch research and development Studies to further understand the safety profile of the medicine in larger populations. Sponsors and regulatory authorities monitor the safety of medicines postapproval and update prescribing information as necessary. Includes lifecycle management activities to broaden understanding of the medicines full potential. Work with external advisory groups and regulatory authorities to consider potential additional diseases which might be treated by the medicine or better ways of administering the medicine. Submit data packages with requests for line extensions. Regulatory authorities review the data to assess the benefits and risks of using the medicine in the new disease or population and issue a decision. Patent expiry and generic entry Typically when patents protecting the medicine expire generic versions of the medicine may enter the market. Launch new medicine Raise awareness of patient benefit and appropriate use. Market and sell medicine continuously monitor record and analyse reported side effects review need to update the side effect warnings to ensure that patients wellbeing is maintained. Clinicians begin to prescribe medicine and patients begin to benefit. The process of getting a drug to market from initial discovery through development to approval and launch is risky costly and time consuming. This is a high level overview of the process. It is illustrative only. It is not intended to nor does it represent the lifecycle of any particular medicine or of every medicine discovered andor developed by AstraZeneca nor of the probability of success or approval of any AstraZeneca medicine.