Under Marks leadership Watkin Jones has gone through a transformational period a key part of which has been the establishment and development of a strong senior management team who have increasingly taken on the daytoday responsibility for the running of the business and who are capable of supporting the Groups longterm growth aspirations. The Board will be seeking a successor to Mark who can build on this platform and maintain the Groups track record of profitable cash generative growth. The Board would like to thank Mark for his enormous contribution and is also delighted that he has indicated his willingness to continue to support his successor and the business going forward. Looking forward The Board is confident about the outlook for the Group. The development pipeline gives us excellent visibility of our revenues and earnings protecting our performance and giving us the time to adjust our plans if necessary. While Brexit is a source of uncertainty for many businesses it is unlikely to be a significant issue for the Group. EU students are only 7 of the market and the demand for UK higher education is such that universities will continue to fill their places no matter what happens to EU student numbers. While we see growth opportunities across all parts of the Group over the medium term we see the greatest upside potential in build to rent. The Board is encouraged by our progress to date in that market and the Group now has the foundations to develop a second major business over the coming years. Grenville Turner Independent NonExecutive Chairman 12 January 2018 09 Chief Executive Officer Mark Watkin Jones gives his view on the Groups performance and markets and how he expects the business to develop in the coming years. QA MARK WATKIN JONES Q You are now more than a year on from the IPO. Has it provided the benefits you hoped for A Yes without a doubt. It has raised our profile with clients with the supply chain and in recruitment. Our people can see the value of their contribution and it has given them a sense of ownership which means there is more challenge in the business. People are also more forthcoming with their views about where we should take the business. That is great. What has not changed is that we are still very much results focused. Q You sold a portfolio of developments this year. Is this a trend in the market A There is increased demand for buying portfolios as that allows institutions to deploy more capital and gives them an immediate platform in the market. They may be prepared to pay a little more to achieve that. However we also want to maintain our relationships with our existing institutional clients and bringing individual developments to market allows us to work with more institutions each year. So we have to have the right balance. Q The Group delivered a strong performance this year but where do you think you could have done better A We did everything that we set out to do in 2017. The EU referendum seemed to temporarily dent investor confidence which meant build to rent did not take off as quickly as we expected in the year. But there is a significant amount of cash waiting to come into the sector and we have put in place the foundations we need so we can really push that forward. 10 Strategic report Watkin Jones plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Q Is there a danger of the student accommodation market becoming saturated How much further can it go A I think there will always be opportunities in the student market. Students will continue to migrate from houses of multiple occupation to purpose built and they will want newer and better products in better locations. So long as we can find the right sites we can continue to provide that for them even in towns and cities that might be perceived as saturated. We do not own the completed assets so we are not competing against ourselves when we add developments in those locations. Our business model is also important here. We only commit small sums of working capital to schemes and we have a threeyear pipeline which gives us flexibility to change direction quickly. Finally a lot of universityowned PBSA was built pre1999 and will continue to deteriorate. The universities are looking to the private sector to enhance their offer which will create more opportunities for us. Q There is growing political pressure to build more homes in the UK both for private and social housing. How would this affect demand for build to rent A Each and every unit of accommodation has to ease the pressure on demand for homes so build to rent has an important part to play. Attitudes are also changing. It is far more socially acceptable to rent than it was ten or 15 years ago. The UK is becoming more like Europe where the majority of people rent. The Governments thinking has also shifted they are more focused on increasing the overall supply of housing across a range of different tenures. Q How are you managing cost inflation in the supply chain A I think we are managing cost inflation exceptionally well. Our supply chain follows us from project to project and because we have a standard product they become quicker and more efficient at delivering over time. We give them visibility of our pipeline so they can build their businesses around ours and we can balance their workload by scheduling build to rent schemes around the student accommodation programme. Being able to offer our supply chain twelve months of very similar work is a real competitive advantage for us. Q Is the residential business still core to Watkin Jones A Yes. It is a good contributor to the Group and our central services can support it with very little additional cost.