With a reorganisation of the senior team and the appointment of John Tunison as Interim CFO we now have a strong Executive Committee to bring decisive leadership to deliver this goal. The three pillars of the strategy we have adopted are outlined on page 3. We are all focused on the delivery of the next phase on this journey. We are building a consortium of strategic and financial partners to deliver investment scale and pace to market and are leveraging the Companys project management commercial engineering operational and technology expertise to optimise future plant costs and timelines. In the summer of 2017 after it had been demonstrated that the Velocys technology installed at ENVIA s Oklahoma City plant was performing as expected at a commercial scale we concluded that the primary phase of our technology development programme had been successfully completed. In July 2017 we ceased certain RD activities and total headcount was reduced from 76 at the end of 2016 to 42 at the end of 2017. The changes made allowed us to direct our resources towards those business critical areas in which milestonedelivery is all important in the short and medium term. They will also reduce the ongoing operational costs of the business by nearly 2m per year. The Company has maintained a corporate and commercial office in the UK from where it will direct the implementation of its strategy and commercialisation of its considerable intellectual property portfolio. These UKbased capabilities are now located at the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus and include the project management team supporting the UK wastetorenewable jet fuel project. We will continue to expand and develop our capability to develop our US biorefineries from our operational base in Houston. In addition we will further scale up resources to support the clients licensing our technology as well as to ensure protection of our intellectual property. Our two fundraises in the last 12 months have provided us with a runway to implement our strategy most notably to support the plan to achieve final investment decision FID for the Mississippi biorefinery project. As outlined in the Financial review see page 17 further funding is required to reach this milestone. The Financial review and note 17 also outlines the reasons behind a significant write down in value of certain assets mostly Goodwill and Inprocess technology made in these report and accounts. Our biorefineries ENVIA In 2Q 2018 we announced the disappointing news that a leak has been detected at the Oklahoma City plant that is believed to have originated inside one of the plants two FT reactors. Based on a preliminary investigation the Company believes the root cause of the issue originated with the design of an ancillary system and is not a result of a flaw in the core Velocys FT technology. The Company is working with ENVIA and third party consultants to verify the root cause of the leak. Velocys remains committed to the ENVIA plant and will work with ENVIA to assess the likely repair cost and consequent funding requirements. Successive milestones were met at ENVIA over the course of 2017 as outlined on page 10. Most recently postperiod end we were pleased to report that the RINs produced at ENVIA were verified under the Quality Assurance Program approved by the US Environmental Protection Agency. ENVIA has achieved significant milestones in the last 12 months notwithstanding a number of other challenges. For example in Q2 2017 the Engineering Procurement and Construction EPC contractor entered bankruptcy proceedings the plant was down or in reduced operation for several Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 9 Strategic report Governance Financial statements www.velocys.com www.velocys.com Velocys plc Annual report and accounts 2017 9 Financial statements Governance Strategic report I believe we will look back at 2017 as the year Velocys transformed into a renewable fuels company. weeks in early 2018 postperiod end while repairs were carried out after extreme cold weather and as part of normal plant commissioning a series of improvements have been made to control systems and other equipment to minimise plant downtime and improve reliability. More details are given on page 10. After the experiences of the last 12 months I have enormous confidence in Velocys highlyskilled technical team that are called on by ENVIA to support the Oklahoma plant. While ENVIA remedies the present issue ENVIA s aim will be to operate the plant using one reactor. ENVIA is working with Velocys the licensor to develop a solution that will return the plant to full operation with minimal loss of revenue whilst always assuring safety and minimising the risk of adverse impact to the environment. Working through these obstacles at the Oklahoma plant has afforded a number of learning opportunities that Velocys will apply to future biorefineries reducing technology risk and further optimising operations. An impairment was made against Velocys investment in ENVIA predominantly driven by a less ambitious revenue forecast based on a revision of operational availability and product and RIN pricing. Mississippi biorefinery Throughout 2017 we made encouraging progress towards the development of our first biorefinery in the US using woody biomass as feedstock see pages 12 and 13 for more details. We welcome the significant support for the plant at county and state levels. The local community has responded positively to the prospect of the quality jobs that the construction and operation of the plant would bring to the area. Velocys and its partners are making progress towards completing all the required work packages to deliver a successful USDA loan guarantee application secure project investment and deliver the FID. Velocys selected an engineering partner to carry out a scoping and optimisation study. Velocys and its engineering partner are working through the complex process of cost and value engineering to optimise plant capital cost operating cost carbon intensity and the financial returns from the project. Reaching FID will be subject to securing further funding see further details in the Financial review on pages 16 and 17.