Internally it is important to remember that Georgia is still a pluralist and free country. It is taking the habits of democracies albeit with one party dominance historically the UNM party and Georgian Dream now. We have a Government which is supportive and has very competent public servants. Finally investors should not forget that the United States and the European Union exercise strong external checks and balances they do not want to lose Georgia as a rare democratic success story. They showed their confidence in the country by granting Georgia visafree entry to the 26 countries of the Schengen Area. 07 Annual Report 2017 BGEO Group PLC Strategic Report Overview Strategic Report Strategy Strategic Report Performance Governance Financial Statements Additional Information The thinking behind our decision to breakup the Group into two separate businesses each expected to be quoted on the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange deserves to be explained. It did not come from the analysis of a conglomerate discount and the expectation that we would see a valuation bump because of the transaction. The value creation boost for the two entities is derived from our belief that we will run them better with higher ROE and higher growth. The logic is simple first complexity creates confusion simplicity creates focus. Second each entity will be freer to pursue its own growth strategy without worrying about the Group. We can already see the effects of this decision. One example is our insurance subsidiary which has already signed a number of distribution agreements with banks other than the Bank of Georgia. This might not have happened if we had decided to stay in the previous structure. Both entities have substantial potential of earnings and sales growth. The Bank is repositioning its portfolio away from straight lending to corporates which require capital and see their margins diminishing. It behooves us to find innovative ways to serve the corporate segment much more profitably. We are also moving into the high networth segments where we can attract wealth from the region. We will continue to reduce costs. Finally digital technologies offer us an opportunity that we have not yet exploited. The Bank has a very good management team with Kaha Kiknavelidze as its leader and they are at work on this strategy. I will become Chairman of the Bank and this will be my only Board appointment. The nonbanking business within BGEO will become an investment company Georgia Capital which will include real estate energy utility beverages and insurance. It will also have listed stakes in the healthcare business and the Bank. The value proposition to investors is the best vehicle for emerging growth opportunities in Georgia selected by people with unsurpassed understanding of the local landscape and managersentrepreneurs. Georgia Capital will be run like a private equity fund with one exception. The interest of its investors will be aligned with those of its Partners. In fact its CEO will be paid exclusively in shares vesting over six years and his executive team will have a similar compensation structure. Irakli Gilauri will leave the Group and the Bank to head this company as Chairman and CEO. The Board is made up of old hands such as David Morrison and Kim Bradley and a number of new recruits Caroline Brown William Huyett Massimo Salvadori and Jyrki Talvitie. The healthcare company GHG is a standalone entity today with its own Board and separate stock market listing. It has much potential that you can read about in its own annual report. Board quality and composition have been one of my main preoccupations we have an opportunity to build a new Board for Georgia Capital and to reinforce the Boards of the Bank and the healthcare company. We have tried to prioritise skills and experience as well as gender diversity. We need Board members who will spend time on the ground in Georgia. We have attracted Cecil Quillen to the Banks Board and are actively seeking an additional member. All of our Board members are Tshaped capable of broad judgement and all bring a speciality to the company. The composition of the two new Boards and the experience and qualifications of their members are set forth on page 19 of this Report. Unfortunately at the outset we will still have only one woman on each of our boards. Our goal is to correct that yesterday. We are still seeking to achieve the diversity targets at board level expected of a company of our size and as chairman I make this a personal priority. It has been a war for talent. Corporate culture and human capital have increasingly become the cornerstone of our success. We would not be able to breakup if we had not developed capable leaders to take over. One of the key components of our talent or human resource development strategy has been our incentive system. Its intent is to incentivise management to create value on a longterm basis more than 85 of managements compensation is in shares that vest over a threetofiveyear period discouraging quick earnings temptations. This year we have moved further into changing our corporate culture in every one of the entities. We want to go from solo performance executives to executives who thrive on teamwork. We have instituted personal development programmes starting at the very top and cascading to the lower level of the hierarchy. Meritocracy and trust are what we aim to achieve. This starts with top managers behaviour and talk. It is reinforced by training programmes which teach both selfdevelopment how to give and receive feedback as well as how to dialogue rather than impose. All this will not be enough if good behaviour is not encouraged and bad behaviour not tolerated. The Board and I take a particular interest in seeing this through. Before closing I would like to thank Irakli Gilauri for his leadership as Chief Executive Officer.