The Board believes that effective corporate governance will assist in the delivery of sustainable shareholder value and safeguard shareholders longterm interests. AMS continues to be in robust financial health and we are continuing to grow our international footprint and scale. The Group is well positioned to increase investment in internal innovation and to actively pursue external opportunities in line with our longterm strategy and growth objectives. Peter Allen Chairman 17 April 2018 The Group is well positioned to increase investment in internal innovation and to actively pursue external opportunities in line with our longterm strategy and growth objectives. Peter Allen Chairman Revenue 16 12 to 96.9m 2016 83.2m at constant currency Adjusted 1 profit before tax 29 to 25.4m 2016 19.7m Advanced Medical Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 04 Creating quality outcomes for our employees customers and for patients Chief Executives Statement I am pleased to report another strong set of results across the Group. Our revenue has increased 16 to 96.9 million and we have improved our adjusted 2 profit before tax by 29 to 25.4 million and our reported profit before tax by 32 to 25.3 million 2016 19.1 million. Our strategy for growth remains unchanged. We continue to expand into new geographies increase our distribution of surgical products through our direct sales forces and enhance our product portfolio by developing high quality products that add value to patients and payors in our advanced woundcare and surgical markets. As reported at the half year we have streamlined our reporting structure and now operate under two Business Units Branded and OEM. Branded The Branded Business Unit reports the sales of all our own brands. Branded reported revenue was 22 higher at 55.2 million 2016 45.4 million and 16 higher at constant currency. LiquiBand topical adhesives LiquiBand is our range of medical adhesives based on cyanoacrylate and is our largest brand with sales of 26.0 million 2016 19.3 million up 35 on the prior year and 30 at constant currency. Our LiquiBand range of products utilises different formulations of cyanoacrylate in innovatively designed applicators. They are designed to meet the requirements of the clinician and to treat the full spectrum of wounds that they need to close and protect. They have several key attributes that compare favourably with the existing market leader including wound closure strength tensile strength set time surface area coverage and adhesive yield. Sales in the US which remains our largest market increased by 47 to 18.2 million 2016 12.4 million at reported currency and by 40 at constant currency. We access this market through distributors who target both hospitals and non hospitals helping us to identify customers and convert opportunities into sales following surgeon evaluation. We support our partners with marketing and clinical data demonstrating the efficacy of our products. We continue to grow our volume market share which is now at 26 up 2 from June 2017 and 3 over the full year. LiquiBand Fix8 Hernia Mesh Fixation device With our increasing portfolio of products high quality business partners the opportunities we see from our RD pipeline and our strong financial position the Board remains optimistic about our longterm prospects and the potential for further growth. Chris Meredith Chief Executive Officer 2 All items are shown before amortisation of acquired intangible assets which in 2017 was 0.1 million 2016 0.2 million as defined in the financial review and before exceptional costs which were nil million 2016 0.4 million. Advanced Medical Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 Company Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 05 Chief Executives Statement continued In the UK and Germany good progress has been made. Revenues have increased 12 to 5.3 million 2016 4.7 million and 10 at constant currency with new hospitals being accessed. In the EU and ROW sales of LiquiBand increased by 19 to 2.5 million 2016 2.1 million at reported currency and 18 at constant currency. We are now targeting new geographic markets for LiquiBand. Following on from establishing distribution agents in Asia we have also identified opportunities for LiquiBand in a number of Central American markets and anticipate first sales in this region in 2018. Our primary focus for RD is to extend our LiquiBand product range to compete in the growing market for combined glues and tape used for larger wound closure. We expect to receive approval to market this in the US around the end of 2018. Hernia Mesh Fixation device LiquiBand Fix8 LiquiBand Fix 8 is used to hold hernia meshes in place within the body instead of tacks and staples. This accurate laparoscopic application of adhesive is expected to both reduce surgical complications and reduce the potential pain associated with the use of tacks and staples. It also provides the ability to attach mesh in areas where tacks and staples can not be applied helping to improve the patient experience and surgical outcomes. As reported at the half year sales growth of LiquiBand Fix8 has been restricted due to design enhancements we have made following surgeon feedback. Further feedback has been received on the updated device and modifications have been completed. We have chosen not to actively promote the device while the modifications were ongoing nevertheless sales increased by 3 to 1.7 million 2016 1.7 million and 1 at constant currency. We expect to see a return to sales growth this year. At present the device is approved for use within Europe and those markets that accept European approval standards. We have started the process to get LiquiBand Fix8 approved in the US market. This necessitates a full Pre Market Approval PMA involving clinical trials with patient enrolment expected to start in mid 2018 and enrolment completing by the end of the year. We expect the total cost of completing the approval process will be around 3 million with the majority of the spend being incurred in 2018 and 2019.