Broadband is more than just another product. It is a whole new way of communicating. It sparks off tremendous demand and is growing at a rapid rate connections having increased almost fourfold in the 2003 nancial year. Our record over the past year shows how we are meeting this demand at 31 March 2003 we had around 800000 ADSL asymmetric digital subscriber line connections and we are well on the way to reaching our target of one million this summer BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2003 7 twothirds of the UK population is now connected to an ADSLenabled exchange and our development of new business models coupled with technological breakthroughs could put 90 of the UKs homes and small businesses within reach of broadband services within the next few years. And as well as signing up customers we are moving quickly to offer them inspiring new services. Our understanding of what customers want is growing every day and we are making sure that the company is able to provide it. For example new broadband services were launched offering music Dotmusic on Demand sport Sportal on Demand and education the BT Learning Centre. Our third key priority is nancial discipline. We put our heart into customer service but also into a rigorous approach to nance. As the broadband record shows we have to meet the demands of our customers in a way that also serves the interests of shareholders in other words it has to be nancially responsible and sustainable. Financial discipline is not the same thing as cost savings. Its about doing things smarter raising the bar proving that it is possible to do more with less. We did substantially reduce operating costs and in addition we very carefully targeted our capital expenditure which was 2.4 billion during the 2003 nancial year a 21 reduction on the previous year on a likeforlike basis. We are investing to transform our network. Equipment designed for 20th century services is making way for a true 21st century network delivering the broadband multimedia services that todays customers require. It will also deliver these services in the way many of todays customers now demand them for example enabling customers to congure and adjust their services themselves. In this network we are creating a new engine for growth simultaneously offering lower operating costs and higher performance. These then are the priorities that we have been focused on in the past year and that we will remain focused on in the year ahead. Our success will depend not just on making our strategy work but on the way in which we make it work. The new corporate identity that we unveiled at the beginning of April 2003 denes the kind of company we are now and need to be in the future. Central to that new identity is a commitment to be simple and complete in all we do. And that in turn means living our brand values. Being trustworthy means consistently delivering on our promises. Helpful means listening and responding. Being straightforward means keeping things simple and clear and inspiring means constantly working to create new communications possibilities. And we have to do everything with real heart showing passion and conviction. Those values of course can only be lived through people and of course our strategy can only be delivered by the teams of motivated people throughout the business. It simply couldnt happen without them. They breathe life into it. They make it work. And Id like to thank them for their loyalty and their hard work. Ben Verwaayen Chief Executive 21 May 2003 Business review 8 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2003 The review is divided into the following sections 8 Introduction 8 Group strategy 9 Customer satisfaction 9 Broadband 9 Reporting on BT Openworld 9 Restructuring Demerger of mmO 2 Acquisitions and disposals Property Concert 10 Debt reduction programme 10 Dividend 10 Pension fund 10 Lines of business 11 BT Retail Core business Newwave business Internet access Enhanced customer access 13 BT Wholesale Core business Changing market conditions Strategic intent External new business revenues Broadband 21st century network Efciency 15 BT Global Services Meeting customers needs Solutions and valueadded services Customer wins Business realignment Global reach 16 Other businesses 16 Research and development and IT support 17 Our people 18 Regulation competition and prices Regulation in the UK Competition Pricing regulation NonUK regulation Other signicant changes and issues 23 Relationship with the UK Government 23 Legal proceedings Please see cautionary statement regarding forwardlooking statements on page 142. All customer numbers are given as at 31 March 2003 unless stated otherwise. EBITDA Earnings before interest taxation depreciation and amortisation. The denition reconciliation and reasons for disclosing EBITDA are discussed in the Financial review. Introduction BT Group plc is the listed holding company for an integrated group of businesses that provide voice and data services in the UK and elsewhere in Europe. British Telecommunications plc is a whollyowned subsidiary of BT Group plc and holds virtually all businesses and assets of the BT group. Our collective aim is to create shareholder value through service excellence an effective brand our largescale networks and our existing customer base and also through developing and marketing new highervalue broadband and internet products and services. BT consists principally of three lines of business BT Retail BT Wholesale and BT Global Services formerly BT Ignite. In the year ended 31 March 2003 the 2003 nancial year 94 of our revenues were derived from operations within the UK where we are the largest full service telecommunications operator serving over 20 million customers. BT Retail and BT Wholesale operate almost entirely within the UK addressing the consumer major business business and wholesale markets and offer a broad spectrum of communications products and services. Our aim is to increase protable revenues from data and advanced broadband and internet services and to reduce further our dependence on revenues and prot generated by xedline voice services.