As I look ahead the opportunities are as exciting as they have ever been as industries look to drive efficiencies by adopting a Digital Asset approach throughout the life cycle of the physical asset. We will continue to target growth strengthening customer relationships winning new customers in new areas and developing our product portfolio. AVEVAs progress would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of all our employees. The Board would like to express its sincere thanks for their considerable efforts. We would also like to thank our customers shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued support. Philip Aiken AM Chairman 23 May 2017 12 AVEVA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Oil Gas MARKET REVIEW AVEVAS KEY END MARKETS ARE OIL GAS MARINE POWER AND PETROCHEMICAL CHEMICAL. OTHER MARKETS WE SERVE INCLUDE FABRICATION PAPER PULP MINING AND PHARMACEUTICALS. OIL GAS ACCOUNTS FOR APPROXIMATEL Y 4045 OF REVENUE MARINE 20 POWER 1520 PETROCHEMICAL CHEMICAL 10 AND THE REMAINDER 10. Oil Gas Oil Gas industry endmarket demand was weak with global industry capital expenditure falling by over 40 between calendar 2014 and calendar 2016. Sources Barclays Bank of America Merrill Lynch. This decline had a significant impact on the workloads of our EPC customers with the more complex and therefore designintensive upstream and offshore projects being impacted the most by lower oil prices. This in turn led to some consolidation in our customer base These developments impacted demand for our software. EPC customers tend to favour a rental model for software meaning that their spend with AVEVA adjusts to market demand relatively quickly. The oil price did however rise towards the end of calendar 2016 helping to underpin a view that industry capital expenditure might start to recover in calendar 2017. Over time the industries that we serve are growing although Oil Gas and Marine have historically seen substantial cyclical peaks and troughs in capital spend. We aim to outperform the endmarket growth of the industries that we serve as technology particularly the concept of the Digital Asset is more widely adopted throughout the life cycles of physical assets. In time this will grow the addressable market. Marine The Marine market also experienced very weak demand during our 2017 financial year. New ship orders were more than halved in calendar 2016 versus 2015 Source Clarksons Research. Notwithstanding this AVEVAs performance was resilient. We have strong longterm relationships with our customers with nine out of ten of the worlds leading shipyards choosing AVEVA products. These yards have mostly maintained their software licences during the cyclical downturn in the expectation of a recovery in future years. Clarksons Research forecasts a recovery in new ship orders globally with strong annual growth off the low calendar year 2016 base out to 2020. KEY MARKETS Market drivers and opportunities A cyclical recovery in shipbuilding as older ships are replaced by newer more efficient vessels. Strength in market subsectors such as Naval and Cruise. Market drivers and opportunities Wider adoption of the Digital Asset throughout the life cycle of physical assets beyond the design phase. A cyclical recovery in industrywide capital expenditure to maintain oil reserve levels. An increase in longterm global energy consumption. STRATEGIC REPORT 13 Power We saw strength in the Power market with several significant new contract wins during the year. Longerterm trends in Power are positive as the worlds emerging economies invest in their power generation requirements and the ageing infrastructure of the developed world is maintained or replaced. In the shorter term AVEVA has benefited from market share gains and more demanding technology requirements from operators in the sector for both design and information management tools as they seek to improve asset efficiency. Petrochemical Chemical We saw stability in the Petrochemical Chemical markets during the year with AVEVA achieving some key customer wins. We expect to see moderate growth over the medium term. We saw ongoing investment in the sector during the year particularly in Asia with stable market conditions on a global basis. AVEVA enjoyed success in winning new OO customers in Asia during the year in the refining sector. Other markets These markets include Fabrication Paper Pulp Mining and Pharmaceutical. We enjoyed good customer wins in the Paper Pulp Pharmaceutical and Fabrication sectors. Market drivers and opportunities Growing demand for power in emerging economies. Replacement of endoflife power stations in developed markets. Wider adoption of the Digital Asset throughout the life cycle of physical assets beyond the design phase. Market drivers and opportunities Wider adoption of the Digital Asset throughout the life cycle of physical assets beyond the design phase. Growth in demand in emerging economies. Longterm global GDP growth. Market drivers and opportunities Wider adoption of the Digital Asset throughout the life cycle of physical assets beyond the design phase. Greater adoption of the Digital Asset within industries such as Architecture Engineering and Construction. Longterm global GDP growth and cyclical strength in industries such as Mining. Oil Gas Power Marine Petrochemical Chemical Other Key 14 AVEVA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRA TEGIC REVIEW WHILST CONDITIONS REMAIN CHALLENGING IN OUR CORE OIL GAS AND MARINE MARKETS OUR BUSINESS HAS SEEN EXCELLENT SUCCESSES IN OUR KEY GROWTH INDUSTRIES. As expected AVEVAs financial performance was resilient despite the challenging conditions in our core end markets. In addition to delivering solid results we made good progress in delivering against our strategy during the year and in structuring the business to enable future growth. Revenue increased 7 .1 to 215.8 million 2016 201.5 million assisted by a currency translation benefit of 11.4. Profit before tax grew to 46.9 million 2016 29.4 million supported by a strong focus on cost control. On an adjusted basis profit before tax grew 7 .4 to 55.0 million 2016 51.2 million.