We expect that this expansion of our IT capability together with more general cost inflation will add approximately 2.5 million to our running costs. Outlook This year has presented many challenges and opportunities and I fully expect 2018 to do so in equal measure. Brexit continues to be a regular discussion topic wi thin the investment community but as a predom inantly UKbased firm our own view is largely focused on the wider economic environment and any impact it may have on the investments we make for our clients. I would like to take this opportunity to praise the efforts of our employees in this eventful last year. Notwithstanding the demands of our own change programme and a complicated market environment they have ke pt the needs of our clients at the forefront of what we do and concentrated on providing an exemplary service. We enter 2018 in a good position with industryleading operating margins and a strong balance sheet. We will continue to look for accretive acquisition opportunities and to invest in our future with discipline. Philip Howell Chief Executive 21 February 2018 Our strategy 15 rathbones.com Strategic report Wider political and economic uncertainty remains as the UK economy begins the process of adjusting to a new relationship with the European Union. Demographics are also shifting and firms must respond to the evolving needs of clients in order to remain competitive. Increased regulatory pressures mean firms will need to invest to keep up with the pace of change and capture market share. The need for advice is increasing given the complexities surrounding the UK economy tax requirements and regulatory changes The persistence of a lower interest rate environment continues to accentuate the need for investment An ageing population with increased life expectancy increases the need to save for retirement and finance lifestyles over a longer period of time Increasing demands on clients time encourages them towards a full service investment solution The trends for intergenerational wealth transfer property purchases and other uses of funds to support lifestyle continue unabated Demographic shifts will continue as millennials overtake baby boomers as the largest generation and bring evolving needs and requirements Wealth management firms are well positioned to benefit from greater pension freedoms as declining levels of government and company pension support will encourage individuals to save The weight of regulation is likely to create higher barriers to entry and lead to further industry consolidation More expenditure will be required to keep up with the pace of regulatory change Regulatory changes could place pressure on the time investment teams can devote to delivering key services The opportunities The challenges Stability in a changing market Increased regulatory pressures greater IT demands and the prospect of lower new wealth generation in the UK all mean firms will need to be at the forefront of innovation to capture market share. Alongside these pressures the UK population is ageing while state and corporate sectors shift the burden of retirement on to individuals and families. Favourable savings trends overall though twinned with everincreasing tax complexities will continue to drive further demand for wealth management services over the longer term placing Rathbones in a strong position to proactively respond to developments in the market and provide a quality service for clients. Market review Regulatory change Macroeconomic conditions 16 Rathbone Brothers Plc Report and accounts 2017 Defining a sustainable service model and proposition that captures the market opportunity is critical Harnessing elements of technology to improve client communications and automate processes is essential to using investment manager time efficiently The industry will continue to face pricing pressures Increased IT expenditure will be required to adopt new technologies and remain competitive We aim to provide our clients with the highest quality of service to maintain our brand reputation and competitive positioning. Principal risks Performance and advice see page 25 Processing see page 26 Regulatory see page 25 Reputational see page 25 Our aim is to build highquality revenues that support ongoing investment and provide a growing stream of dividend income for shareholders over each economic cycle. Principal risks Performance and advice see page 25 Processing see page 26 Regulatory see page 25 Our ability to achieve growth and deliver a quality service is dependent on the ability of our people. We are committed to rewarding our staff in line with business objectives and providing them with an interesting and stimulating career environment. Principal risks Regulatory see page 25 Reputational see page 25 Quality service Page 18 Earnings growth Page 19 Employee value Page 20 Continuing our strategy Our strategy can be broken down into the three key objectives outlined below. The industry continues to change with varying business models looking for technological advantages. Keeping pace with this change is fundamental to sustaining a quality service. Regulatory change Industry developments Each objective is considered carefully when setting executive remuneration targets and criteria. For more information on how these strategic objectives feed into our executive incentive plan see page 87. 17 Strategic report rathbones.com Our strategic objectives 18 Rathbone Brothers Plc Report and accounts 2017 Quality service We aim to provide our clients with the highest quality of service to maintain our brand reputation and competitive positioning.