Joanna Lumleys India was a threepart documentary broadcast on ITV in 2017. 8 ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report A strong platform for delivery As an integrated producer broadcaster ITV is in a unique position to create and own worldclass content broadcast it on one of the biggest marketing platforms in the UK and distribute it globally through its international network. ITV is an increasingly global and diversied organisation with signicant nonadvertising revenue streams reducing its dependency on UK advertising. ITV has delivered a strong operational and nancial performance over many years and is in a good position to continue to do this underpinned by its strategic assets and competitive advantage. ITV is currently undertaking a strategic refresh to ensure it has a clear strategy and priorities which reflect what ITV needs to be in three ve and ten years time. Strong market position The Broadcast Online business is robust. Our onscreen and online viewing performance is strong and we continue to deliver unrivalled audience scale and reach for advertisers as well as more targeted demographics on our digital channels and on the ITV Hub. Online Pay Interactive is a material fastgrowing and protable part of the business and we are building our digital business through our direct to consumer SVOD services BritBox Cirkus and the ITV Hub. ITV Studios our international content business is now a global player of scale creating owning and managing rights and we will continue to grow in key creative markets driving value from the strong demand for quality content. 99 of all commercial audiences over 5 million were on ITV 54 of total ITV Studios revenue was from outside the UK in 2017 Investor Proposition ITV continues to make signicant progress in growing and strengthening the business creatively commercially and nancially. 9 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional information Investor Proposition Clockwise from top left Tokio Myers winner of Britains Got Talent in 2017 England versus Slovakia in the World Cup Qualiers new ITV Studios drama Bancroft. Highly cash generative We are a highly cash generative business and our disciplined approach to cash costs and capital gives us a strong balance sheet and enables us to continue to invest across the business. Investment opportunities In line with our strategic refresh and key priorities we will explore investment opportunities to develop and grow the business and enhance shareholder value while maintaining capital discipline. Compelling shareholder returns The Board is committed to a longterm sustainable dividend policy. Ordinary dividends will grow broadly in line with earnings targeting dividend cover of around 2x adjusted earnings per share over the medium term. 8 growth in the ordinary dividend yearonyear 10 ITV plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Market Review The market environment in which we operate is rapidly changing and becoming increasingly competitive. Consolidation of media and telecoms companies the increasing influence of technology and the evolution in the way viewers consume media what they watch when they watch it and how they watch it bring both challenges and opportunities. Key market trends Over recent years there has been a signicant change in the availability and delivery of content with a substantial increase in the number of ways to watch television with viewers able to choose a variety of platforms both free and pay to watch live catch up and box set content. This has led to the rapid growth of online viewing. However linear television viewing remains resilient and is still the most popular way to consume content for all demographics. The proliferation of channels platforms and new entrants has caused a signicant increase in the global demand for content with spend growing on highquality programming. We estimate that the global content market is growing at around 5 per annum with some genres such as drama rising faster than others. This growth can be attributed to a number of factors including a larger international pay television market the consolidation of pay providers with content companies and distributors coupled with the convergence in the television market where telecoms and new media companies are competing with traditional media companies for content and viewers online players such as Netflix and Amazon investing heavily in new original content and online advertising driven platforms such as Google and Facebook creating a new market for short form and digital content. Global content The US is by far the largest content market in the world dominating the global production sector with the UK the second largest market. This represents a signicant opportunity for ITV Studios which has a strong presence in both regions. Demand for drama particularly US drama has increased signicantly in the last few years. Original scripted content is brand dening for broadcasters and OTT players in an increasingly competitive global environment. US studios continue to dominate the market for drama in the US and internationally. However the rise of Netflix and Amazon which are investing heavily in creating highquality original scripted content has signicantly increased competition in the market. Suburra is the rst original Italian Netflix crime drama produced by Cattleya which was acquired by ITV Studios in 2017. 11 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Additional information Market Review This increased competition coupled with the fact that viewers are now expecting higher quality content has driven up the cost of production. Decit nancing and coproductions or partnerships have therefore become increasingly important in nancing productions where distributors are often funding the difference between what the content buyer is paying for the original broadcast and the cost of production. This decit is covered through global sales our windowing strategy of making content available in different territories on different broadcast platforms and at different times either exclusively or nonexclusively along with sales to OTT platforms.