Dr Ian Gilham Chairman 17 October 2017 Page Title at start Content Section at start genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 6 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Overview Our transition to a commercial stage diagnostics business is well underway. genedrive plc now has a clear strategic direction and the efforts of the Company are focused towards advancing our offerings as a disease detection business built around the Genedrive platform. I am pleased with the progress made in the year but we are aware there are still challenges ahead of us for the Company to fully realise the considerable potential of Genedrive. David Budd Chief Executive Officer We continue to make strong progress with a disciplined approach to executing our strategy. Our Performance Revenue for the period was 5.8m up 13.7 from the 5.1m on the prior period. This yearoveryear growth in revenue was driven by the Diagnostics division that saw revenue growth of 36.8 to 2.6m 2016 1.9m. Our pathogen detection programme with the DoD was central to this growth with revenue of 2.2m up 0.5m from 2016. Services revenue was 3.2m 2016 3.1m up 3.2. We closed the year with 5.1m of cash 2016 1.1m. Targeted investment of our cash resources remains vital as we assess and prioritise the various commercial and development opportunities before us. The Genedrive Platform Strategic Progress During the year we announced the successful studies on our HCV ID kit conducted at the Institut Pasteur Paris and Queens University Nottingham. Following these successful studies that showed overall sensitivity of greater than 99 and specificity of 100 the product was submitted for CE marking in April 2017. I am pleased that in September 2017 the product obtained its CE registration. With the HCV ID kit now CE registered we are in a position to begin commercialisation efforts. We have signed a distribution agreement with Sysmex Europe a world leader in clinical laboratory systemization and solutions for the EMEA with an initial focus on Africa. Working together the companies will now focus on securing the required regulatory approvals in individual territories of Africa and we anticipate commercial traction during the 20172018 financial year. This agreement is an important step to providing access to Genedrive across target countries in Africa and we are delighted to be working with Sysmex Europe who have the experience and networks needed to market and commercialise the product. Our Genedrive HCV ID kit will initially be launched and sold into decentralised laboratories being facilities outside of large hospitals. Our test is performed from plasma which is currently isolated from whole blood using a centrifuge. As direct acting antiviral use increases in the future we anticipate an increased demand for diagnostics in even smaller pointofneed facilities. To support future positioning in this user segment the Company has secured a 0.6m conditional offer of development funding from Innovate UK. When confirmed the grant will be used to further our Centrifuge Free Plasma Separation device concept so that Page Title at start Content Section at start Chief Executives Review Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report genedrive plc Annual Report 2017 7 smaller facilities without centrifuges can also use Genedrive HCV ID. We also intend to refine improve and simplify other aspects of the HCV test to make it even more suitable for point of need testing to maximize its commercial potential. Commercialisation of our MTB test in India has continued to be challenging in the past year primarily owing to a component issue in the sample preparation process specific to that test but also compounded by commercial issues. We believe we have resolved the problem but until validated in the field revenues are not expected in the short term. The market dynamics of MTB have not changed since genedrive plc identified the opportunity the market is large and well defined and there is significant potential in smaller laboratories. However with the benefit of experience acquired in the field we are considering how best to address the Indian market and the broader potential of Genedrive MTBRIF in this area. It is possible that to fully exploit the potential of MTB we may need to more fully refine our sample preparation processes before re engaging the market. The programme with the DoD has seen continued success. This work involves collaboration with the DoD to develop biohazard tests for Genedrive in the context of a small portable diagnostics device capable of deployment in the field. The work not only validates Genedrive as a flexible and accurate diagnostics device it has helped to fund important developments such as Bluetooth connectivity and uninterruptible power supply that will benefit customer adoption. The DoD has not indicated the intended future sustained use of Genedrive and as such it is not possible for us to predict future commercial revenues. However post year end an additional funding award was made to support the continuation of the project and an award was made to support ongoing validation work. This additional funding is expected to generate approximately 1.4m in development and commercial income of 0.5m for the financial year to 30 June 2018. Services Operations As previously stated we have been seeking strategic alternatives for our Services business including considering divestment. We have yet to secure a disposal although discussions are ongoing but should a divestment on acceptable terms not be possible we remain flexible to the division being retained within the Company. We do believe that focusing our efforts on Genedrive should remain a core strategic priority. Revenues from our larger US based programmes were slightly down in the year 8.8 but the decline is owing to the lifecycle of the projects as opposed to underlying trends in the market. Conversely European business enjoyed a good period of growth 17.8 year over year. The growth was delivered from a growing number of programmes with smaller customers and was aided by improvements to our marketing contacts and relationship management. Outlook We are now entering a defining period for genedrive plc.