Also impacting our HIP Services business was an unplanned outage during the second half which was fully resolved by year end. Forecast growth in all the Specialist Technologies looks strong. The five sites we acquired in 2016 are performing well. They are all Classical Heat Treatment sites within the AGI division and contributed 23.0m of revenue in 2017 with return on sales in line with the Group. It is also worth highlighting that revenues at these facilities have accelerated since coming into the Group as a result of the benefits derived from being part of the Groups network of facilities. With careful cost discipline in the face of growing revenues the Groups headline operating profit grew 24 to 123.9m 26 growth in statutory operating profit to 119.4m and the return on sales improved to 18.0 2016 16.6. Once again we increased our prices ahead of cost inflation. This is an area of heightened focus for the Group especially as we are entering a period of higher input cost inflation in some markets. It is worth noting however that Bodycote typically performs well in higher inflationary environments. The Groups strong profit improvement coupled with a headline tax rate of 22.9 2016 27 .5 increased basic headline earnings per share to 49.2p 2016 37 .0p. Basic earnings per share increased to 51 .0p from 35.2p. The return on capital employed rose in the current year to 19.3 from 17 .1 in 2016. Free cash flow increased to 83.0m 2016 60.5m as a result of our improved profitability and in spite of increased capital expenditure to support the future growth of the business. Headline operating cash conversion was once again above 90 yielding a net cash position at the end of the year of 39.6m 2016 1 .1m. Strategic progress The Groups strategy encompasses the drive for operational efficiency and improvement in return on sales growth in markets with higher long term structural growth the expansion of the Groups footprint in rapid growth markets the focus on revenue growth in Specialist Technologies and growth through targeted acquisitions where these are more attractive than investing in new facilities. The Group has a minimum 20 hurdle rate return when looking at investments. During 2017 we made further progress against our strategy delivering higher Group return on sales of 18.0. We believe there is still the opportunity to further improve from both management led initiatives particularly in our AGI division and growth in our higher return Specialist Technologies. In 2017 we continued to invest in areas with superior growth potential with a deliberate bias towards investments in rapid growth markets Specialist Technologies and longcycle programmes particularly in civil aviation Emerging Markets revenues increased 26 to 54.1m representing 8 of Group turnover with growth in Mexico and China both above 40. We will continue to invest to support the future of our business in these rapid growth markets. During the year we commissioned several new LPC and S 3 P lines. In HIP Services we acquired the HIP assets from Doncasters Group Limiteds UK business and a new megaHIP was ordered for Europe which will come online in 2018. Further new facilities are expected to be commissioned in 2018 for both Specialist Technologies and Classical Heat Treatment in our focus geographies and markets. The additional capacity that will come on stream in 2018 will add to our ability to deliver strong growth and superior return on sales over the coming years. We also continue to look at acquisition and investment opportunities that will grow our business. These are traditionally small bolton facilities that can provide us with infills to our existing network. Where opportunities to buy such facilities do not exist we will build new facilities these obviously have a rampup period but have the advantage of being designed exactly in line with the Groups technology and operational efficiency focus. Since 2014 we have invested 164m in both acquisitions and investment for growth in new and existing facilities with revenues from the latter still ramping up as these plants typically take 35 years to reach full production. Organisation and people Bodycote is a service business and firstclass service is delivered by passionate and professional people who understand their customers needs and meet their demanding requirements time and time again. We will continue to invest in training and developing our employees to ensure that our talented workforce remains one of our competitive advantages Summary and outlook 2017 has once again demonstrated the quality of Bodycotes business. Strong growth was achieved through contributions from contract wins on automotive and aerospace programmes excellent growth in Emerging Markets where our investments are yielding good returns and broadbased growth across the general industrial sectors an element of which was due to some customer restocking. The Groups revenue growth combined with continued discipline on costs helped lift headline operating profit by 24. Return on sales increased to 18.0 from 16.6. To ensure that the business continues to deliver good results we will continue to focus on efficiency maintaining price discipline in light of increasing inflation across many economies and the execution of our successful strategy. Our business by its nature has limited forward visibility but we have entered the year with good momentum. Accordingly and in spite of the foreign exchange headwind at current exchange rates 2018 has started in line with our expectations. S.C. Harris Group Chief Executive 6 March 2018 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information 09 www.bodycote.com Stock code BOY 25695 19 March 2018 329 PM Proof 7 Business model Provider of essential services to engineering manufacturers Classical Heat T reatment Specialist T echnologies Working to very exacting quality specifications heat treatment uses precisely controlled furnaces to process a huge variety of metals and alloys improving their material properties.