As a result of this IG altered various elements including raising its selfimposed wealth hurdles and its minimum deposit. IG has also created and rolled out globally a new appropriateness test which means that prospective clients who were previously allowed to proceed at their own risk can no longer have a leveraged account with IG unless they can demonstrate that they understand the potential risks and rewards of such an account. This is a clear example of IG doing the right thing to ensure fair client outcomes and going beyond what is demanded by regulation. As a result of these actions the Company expects to recruit fewer clients of greater average value and so may see a fall in simple measures of market share. Regulation The retail leveraged trading industry is under scrutiny globally with particular emphasis currently in the UK and Europe. This new level of scrutiny is overdue and IG believes that a well thought through update to regulation should be beneficial for clients if it is proportionate consistent and properly enforced. IG has differentiated itself within the industry through its adherence to the highest regulatory standards and its focus on fair outcomes for clients. However too many providers have been allowed to enter this industry in recent years many of which have behaved very badly and targeted clients for whom such a product is entirely inappropriate. This has been exacerbated by an influx of entirely illegal providers based in offshore regimes and using the uncontrollable nature of the internet to take advantage of unsophisticated or unwary individuals through misleading advertising. These companies have often provided a single product the updown binary option using highpressure sales practices. This combination of poorly regulated and illegal providers has often left the impression that the entire industry is at fault and made it very difficult for compliant providers such as IG to make their voices heard. In order to improve outcomes for clients the Company believes it is vital that regulators support and work with companies like IG to remove or greatly reduce the impact of these illegal and the poorly supervised providers. In recent months IG has been even more active in liaising with regulators to assist them in their efforts to improve outcomes for clients across the world. There are a number of reviews either complete or ongoing in countries where IG has either a presence or a material degree of business. In Australia the Government and regulator are proceeding to better protect client money in the way that IG always has and to provide additional powers of intervention on financial products provided to retail. IG welcomes both of these measures. In Dubai the regulator the DFSA has indicated an intention to alter the current regime surrounding leveraged products. IG has assisted the considerations of the DFSA and the outcomes are expected to be announced in the near future. The Company does not believe its activities are the subject of regulatory concern and so does not expect the changes to materially impact its operation in Dubai. In Europe the regulatory situation is complex and in transition. IG is working with National Competent Authorities NCAs in several countries and has also been in discussion with the European Securities and Markets Association ESMA and shared its concerns about the divergence of regulation across the EU. Consultations in France and Germany have been finalised and the outcome of a requirement to provide an account which limits the downside for clients fits with the leadership position IG took last year and enhances IGs competitive position in these countries. The results of the consultations in The Netherlands and Ireland have not yet been announced. In December 2016 in the UK the FCA announced its intention to enhance conduct of business rules for firms providing contract for difference products to retail clients and detailed a very specific set of proposals. Following an announcement by ESMA in June 2017 the FCA decided to delay making final rules until ESMA finalises its discussions. ESMA announced it is in the process of discussing the possible use of its product intervention powers under Article 40 of MiFIR the possible content of any such measures and how they could be applied. Measures being discussed include leverage limits guaranteed limits on client losses and restrictions on the marketing and distribution of these products. The Company believes a common set of regulations across the EU provides a greater chance of successfully protecting consumers against poor behaviour in the industry. Any inconsistency in the application of regulatory standards in the EU region only creates arbitrage opportunities for illintentioned providers to take advantage of less sophisticated consumers. IG will continue to engage actively with NCAs and ESMA to seek to establish a set of rules which improve consumer outcomes and protect competition. In its engagement to date IG has provided consistent advice to individual NCAs and to ESMA. IG believes the correct response needs to be broad and properly enforced. IG sees five main areas where regulators are expressing concern and suggesting the need for remedies Marketing. Regulators are seeking to ensure the product is marketed only to the correct audience with an appropriate risk warning including the probability of trading successfully. This would also outlaw sports sponsorship. IG fully supports this development Bonus offers. There is a movement to ban accountopening bonus offers. IG does not offer these and fully supports this development Appropriateness. There already exists an obligation to assess whether a product is appropriate for a prospective client. However under current MiFID guidance firms are allowed to warn prospective clients that the product is inappropriate but allow them to proceed to trading. The ESMA QA makes it clear that a prospective client should not be allowed to proceed where the product is deemed inappropriate. IG does not take on inappropriate clients and fully supports this development Nonegative protection.