This was achieved by improving profits as detailed above together with improved payment terms in one of its main markets. There was a minimal 2000 hire purchase debt as at the yearend compared to 0.81 million of interest bearing debt at the end of 2016. The Group also has if required a 1.5 million trade finance facility and a further 0.50 million working capital facility with HSBC Bank. The Board do not envisage any working capital constraints as sales increase. Revenue increased by 21.6 to 8.27 million FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BUSINESS REVIEW CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2017 000 2016 000 Operating profit Add Depreciation Amortisation RD expenditure 478 78 16 625 145 86 13 514 1197 758 2017 Roundup 08 Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 www.symphonyenvironmental.com In January of 2017 Symphony entered the household glove market with the launch of the UKs first d 2 p antimicrobial household gloves. This innovative product sold under the Protector Health and Hygiene brand had been in development for two years prior to the launch in Wilko Stores nationwide. Public awareness and concern about harmful bacteria and resistance to antibiotics has generated an increase in antimicrobial household products with further sales of antimicrobial household gloves made with d 2 p technology in Italy Israel and the Middle East. There are also more products for 2018 including toothbrushes water bottles cling film and food bags. Staying with d 2 p Dadex Eternit Ltd in Pakistan who are one of the world leading producers of plastic pipes signed an exclusive fiveyear agreement with Business Dynamics Symphonys distributor in Pakistan to produce a range of plastic pipes made with d 2 p antimicrobial technology ensuring that the pipes will be free from the accumulation of harmful bacteria and fungi. The d 2 p suite of additives increased this year and now includes a corrosion inhibitor and a range of products specifically designed for food packaging which includes an oxygen absorber ethylene adsorber and a release agent to prevent food sticking to the inside of the plastic. In April 2017 the Saudi government announced changes to legislation which require manufacturers and importers to prove that their plastic products are oxobiodegradable. They must use masterbatches which have been approved by SASO Saudi Standards Metrology and Quality Organisation. Symphony Environmental Ltd were the first to be granted a licence by SASO under the new regulations and we are now working with many companies in Saudi Arabia and abroad to make sure that their products comply with the new rules which cover an extensive list of shortlife plastic products. Around the world the number of products benefitting from d 2 w oxobiodegradable technology has also recently expanded to include plastic coffee capsules. These capsules were beginning to get a bad reputation by accumulating in the open environment so much so that the German city of Hamburg banned their use completely in 2016. However a company in Brazil has developed coffee capsules made with d 2 w oxobiodegradable plastic technology giving their customers great coffee without the environmental problem. Finally the d 2 w logo pops up in all sorts of places as more and more companies and organisations are realising the benefit of making their plastic smarter. An eagle eyed visitor on a tour of the Barcelona Football stadium was pleasantly surprised to find d 2 w on the red tape used by the famous football club to seal off areas around the football ground. Its great to know that d 2 w is useful even for redtape. Riyadh Saudi government announced changes to legislation requiring manufacturers and importers to prove that their products are made with oxobiodegradable plastic. 09 Symphony Environmental Technologies plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 www.symphonyenvironmental.com Corporate Social Responsibility Symphony are ISO9001 and 14001 certified. Our d 2 w oxobiodegradable additive is the only product of this type to be awarded an internationally accredited EcoLabel distinguishing it from all similar products on the market. We carefully monitor the energy we consume as a company and the waste we generate and we are committed to reducing our energy requirements and waste year on year. We believe in the principles of the circular economy and are working towards reducing waste and avoiding pollution either by design or intention and embedding these principles into our business models and activities. Our d 2 w oxobiodegradable technology has been specifically designed to be consistent with these principles. Our offices and laboratories use low energy lighting and all products and equipment are responsibly sourced. We are committed to recycling and have a dedicated member of staff to monitor our recycling activities as well as following the principles of reduce reuse and recycle whenever practicable. We work wherever possible with paperless administration and use the bestpractice documentmanagement systems utilising electronic communications and video conferencing to reduce postal costs and the need for business travel. Finally we have production facilities in several locations around the world to minimise the need to transport supplies and to help reduce our carbonfootprint. As an organisation we are committed to the wider community and regularly support charities and fundraisers. This year we held events to support the MacMillan cancer charity and Noahs Ark Childrens Hospice as well as taking part in sponsored events and a beach cleanup in Ghana. We also support local schools with their work experience programmes and often welcome students into our laboratory and our administration sales and accounts departments. Like most modern businesses we appreciate that our staff are our greatest asset and that their success contributes to the success of the company. We are happy to encourage staff in their career development with training courses seminars and conferences where appropriate and flexible working i.e. job sharing and working from home where possible.