Our investment in Checkatrade and acquisition of Habitissimo are a major step forward and position us at the fore of the online revolution we are seeing in home services. The Home Experts online platform will connect a wider consumer demographic to a broader range of expert tradespeople. 9 Annual Report Accounts 2017 Richard Harpin Chief Executive Annual Report Accounts 2017 With these opportunities and the positive outlook for the rest of our business HomeServe has an exciting future this coming year and beyond. Network capability 10 Strategic report Our business model Value added We secure longterm affinity partnerships with global brands that are relevant to our home assistance and improvement products. Our partnerships include utilities heating manufacturers and specialist service providers. Our home assistance products are underwritten by third party underwriters independent of HomeServe. We act as an insurance intermediary and do not take any material insurance risk. Our local call centres are available to handle customers claims and our extensive network of engineers and Home Experts are on hand to solve our customers home assistance repairs improvements and installations problems throughout the year. We achieve this by engaging great people in all of our businesses and providing them with the best technology and systems to do a great job. Global presence with local partners Leading the standard for service delivery Customer focused membership on demand home repairs improvements Inputs Engaged affinity partners Comprehensive products marketing expertise Expert contact centres Network capability Technology designed around our customers to deliver a great experience and efficiencies Our vision is to be the worlds most trusted provider of home repairs and improvements Network capability Annual Report Accounts 2017 11 Value added Customers pay an annual premium for their home assistance products which funds the product underwriting partner commission payments and other direct and indirect costs of providing the service. Typically on completing a customer claim the underwriter funds the job cost. We invest in business development and marketing to deliver future customer growth. As the Home Experts platform is developed the customer will pay a price for each job through a digital platform. Home Experts will pay a recurring fee for using the platform. Our range of comprehensive water heating and electricalrelated home assistance and repair products provide peace of mind to our customers. Our developing Home Experts on demand services offer home improvements and installations. Ongoing innovation ensures we are at the forefront of the smart home movement with smart thermostat and our water leak detector. We use our expertise in data analytics to optimise our direct marketing across a number of channels including direct mail call centres and digital channels. Financial model cash generative predictable revenue Trusted products innovative solutions Customer focused membership on Value shared Partners Provides solution to customers emergency Increases customer satisfaction reduces churn Revenue stream Customers Peace of mind in event of home repair Excellent customer service Innovative Smart Home solutions Employees Expanding global business Opportunity training and development Employee engagement score is 81 across the Group Investors An attractive cash generative business model Significant growth potential internationally Growth is supported by a strong balance sheet demand home repairs improvements Technology designed around our customers to deliver a great experience and efficiencies Our successful home assistance Membership model appeals to risk averse insurance minded customers who want to protect their home in the event of an unexpected plumbing heating or electrical emergency. We are developing our on demand home repair and improvement model to provide a solution for consumers who prefer not to insure home emergencies and prefer to transact online. Strategic report 12 Our strategic framework Strategic priority Progress in FY17 Investing to deliver great customer service Great customer service results in increased customer loyalty and higher levels of retention. Our marketleading customer service is delivered by the hard work and dedication of all our people. Customers are moving to more online interactions and we are developing our technology to address this. Extend longterm affinity partnerships HomeServe is built on developing longterm affinity partnerships with brands that complement our home assistance products. We work with over 500 affinity partners and invest in business development to establish and expand new partnerships. During FY17 rapid progress was made through signing 100 new partners in North America renewing a significant partnership in the UK and signing a joint venture with Edison Energia in Italy. During FY17 HomeServe completed a job every 14 seconds demonstrating our commitment to our customers when they need us most. Globally HomeServe has been recognised for customer service excellence and in FY17 won a number of customer service and employee engagement awards in the UK North America and France. We continued to invest in our core customer system to ensure our call centres can have good conversations with our customers. The investment in our claims and deployment systems ensures our engineers can get to our customers at their time of need. Expanding New Markets Driving relentless innovation We offer a range of insured home assistance products covering plumbing heating and electrical services and continually innovate to align our product range to changing customer preferences. Demand for digital engagement at every stage of the customer journey continues while more customers seek smart home products to enhance their experience. Entering new geographies Utilities around the world recognise that providing home assistance services is proven to increase customer loyalty and drive higher retention rates in their core energy businesses. Developing a digital on demand service In line with our ambition to offer a complete home repair and improvement service to a broader customer demographic we are developing our ondemand offering. During the year we launched LeakBot a smart home water leak detector that enables early leak detection preventing or limiting damage to customers homes. We have test relationships with Aviva and RSA with promising results. We are developing a heating installation business.