Quest achieved good sales growth in North America and Asia. Fine fragrances performed particularly strongly. However problems in the second quarter with new supply chain systems caused an order backlog at our major Food site in the Netherlands. Although the problem was largely rectified by October production was disrupted for a period. Quest is determined to restore its reputation for excellent customer service. For our Regional and Industrial businesses higher profits in Pakistan and Argentina were offset by the loss of profits from divested businesses and a legal provision. Despite the respectable overall performance I regret that I can not report the improvement in ICIs share price for which we are all working. Against our selected peer group our ranking in terms of Total Shareholder Return remained 13 of 17. This performance is disappointing. The Board and I continue to believe that ICI has all the necessary components for an improved placing and are committed to achieving that improvement. I remain convinced that given the improved strength of our balance sheet our stated goals organic sales growth of 4 to 5 1 to 2 above global GDP plus another 1 to 2 growth from synergistic bolton acquisitions are achievable once economies improve. We believe that this in combination with improved operational effectiveness will provide the basis for consistent longerterm profit growth. Exciting progress Were already making progress on a number of fronts. We are launching innovative new products across the Group such as Paints onecoat elastomeric Polycell Basecoat which was an instant success in the UK. Our science and technology function continues to enhance its reputation. National Starch researchers for example are working with the US Army Research Laboratories developing sealants and encapsulants to protect tomorrows flexible flat screens from moisture and oxygen. Some of our largest global customers have expressed interest in understanding how ICI businesses technology and knowhow might be leveraged in collaborations to generate longterm added value for their product development programmes. ICI is focused on growth and we have an increasing number of people in the regions with significant potential. In China an important growth market we now have 1400 employees up from some 900 only four years ago and we continue to invest in manufacturing and marketing facilities in the country. ICI is global but our success is often built on local management able to understand and respond to local consumer and customer requirements. In May we published The ICI Report on the Secrets of the Senses Dr Charles Spence of Oxford Universitys ground breaking research into the importance of sensory experience for health and emotional wellbeing. This helped focus attention on ICIs expertise in the growth areas of the science of sight scent taste and touch the heart of our business today. Our people In conclusion I want to thank our employees all around the world for the dedication and effort that delivered commendable results under difficult conditions When the tide turns I know we will be ready. 9 Brendan ONeill Chief Executive ICI ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS AND FORM 20F 2002 10 General ICI is one of the worlds leading specialty products and paints businesses with products and ingredients developed for a wide range of consumer and industrial markets. In 1997 ICI began the process of refocusing the business from commodity chemicals into higher value added specialty products and paints addressing specific and specialised customer needs. This transformation is now essentially complete. The Groups businesses are now more knowledge intensive than capital intensive and focused on delivering innovative products to customers in a wide range of sectors of the world economy. The specialty products and paint businesses referred to as the International Businesses comprise National Starch Quest Performance Specialties and Paints. These businesses serve diverse consumer and industrial markets through some 40 strategic business units comprising close to 100 operating units with an array of market leadership positions across the world. In addition a number of Regional and Industrial businesses remain in ICIs portfolio. ICI believes that its International Businesses have a quality customer and product mix strong management teams and potential for profitable growth. The higher growth potential businesses include electronic and engineering materials specialty food starches flavours and fragrances personal care ingredients lubricants and in Asia adhesives and decorative paints. Group Strategy The Groups businesses operate across a wide spectrum of consumer and industrial markets and across a wide geographic spread. Its strategy is to be an industry leader in creating value for its customers and shareholders in its chosen markets. This requires ICI to achieve profitable organic sales growth. The key aspects of this strategy are to focus on higher value added specialty products and brands serve a wide range of markets including a number of niche markets develop longterm relationships with customers by addressing their specific and specialised needs innovate and use technology creatively to facilitate organic growth invest in growth markets and build leading market positions grow through organic growth supplemented by small strategic bolton acquisitions in its chosen growth areas improve its operational performance and pursue synergies across the Group. In order to implement its strategy the Group aims to attract train and develop talented people and to maintain a strong commitment to safety health and the environment. Group Financial Objectives The Groups financial objectives derive from a combination of top down goals and a biannual strategic planning process. These strategic financial objectives then form the basis for all financial targets. At the Group level management is focused on achieving the following goals over the medium term. While demanding management believes they should be achievable. Sales growth With respect to sales management is aiming to achieve organic growth of 4 to 5 per annum on average 1 to 2 over assumed GDP.