We believe getting from A to b should be stressfree. o perating from smaller more accessible airports we can get passengers into the skies with less hassle and more ease. Better value better business We offer high frequency flights from 85 1 airports across the u K and europe so our customers can quickly and conveniently go wherever business takes them. o ur smooth service means they can simply focus on the job in hand. Getting there faster doesnt mean paying a small fortune our flexible and competitive fares are designed with everyone in mind from early planners to spontaneous types. 1 Routes flown under the Flybe brand on sale at the end of May 2017. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 06 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 07 StRA te GIC RePo Rt oN e StoP to t He Wo Rl D o ur extensive route network combined with routes offered by our codeshare and franchise partnerships gives Flybe customers a wealth of uK and worldwide destinations. o ne Stop to the World. It is not just an idea it is a statement of intent and its one that we are working hard to fully realise. o ur customers already benefit from our partnerships and with our commitment to strengthening relationships with existing partners and launching new ones in the future Flybe customers are on course to benefit even further. Working with our airline partners we are able to offer our customers unrivalled regional network connectivity and the convenience of travelling from local airports to global destinations. o ur regional services into major hubs around europe including Flybe is becoming the go to partner of international airlines wishing to extend their network to the regions of the u K and europe. Franchise Flybe can offer a truly regional service to our customers through our franchise partners blue Islands l oganair and Stobart Air. Heads of t erms have been signed for a new franchise and joint venture alliance with eastern Airways which enhances services to and from Scotland. network with those offered by our increasing number of codeshare partners. Some of the most popular global destinations are only one stop away. From Aberdeen to Houston or Singapore belfast to New Delhi or New york edinburgh to l os Angeles or Shanghai exeter to Dubai or Sydney the choices are endless. A world of opportunity is within easy reach of the regions. by travelling with our codeshare partners our customers can board their Flybe flight at their local airport and be seamlessly checked through to their final destination. Codeshares V V LOGO AIRFRANCE N dossier 2007399E Date 190509 alidation DADC alidation Client P296C P032C l ondon Heathrow birmingham Manchester Amsterdam Dublin Paris Dsseldorf and Helsinki enable customers to fulfil their global travel needs. In turn these partnerships deliver sustainable growth by maximising our revenue opportunities. t he breadth of Flybes partners reflects our ability to adapt to the needs of our customers and to work tirelessly in achieving the best solutions for them now and in the future. Codeshares Flybe offers access to a wealth of worldwide destinations by combining our own extensive route t o our customers each franchise partner expands the Flybe network allowing them to easily and conveniently connect to regions otherwise hard to reach. From the Shetland Islands in the North to the Channel Islands in the South we bring people together and serve communities in a way no other airline can. Connecting the regions of the u K with each other europe and the world Flybe offers a vital link to smaller communities. We help businesses work more efficiently families to spend more time together and people to go on holiday and relax. Read more on page 22 Our strong network Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information 08 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Flybe Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 09 StRA te GIC RePo Rt SuPPo Rte D by A GReAt te AM to deliver a consistent high quality customer experience we believe that all our employees need to share the same values and objectives and need to be empowered and equipped to deliver excellent service. Building from the ground up Great organisations must be built on strong foundations. We therefore focus on Culture establishing and embedding with our employees a clear set of values and behaviours to build a culture of excellence. Fairness and transparency Creating a fair and transparent reward structure. Organisational structure and capability Shaping the organisation to deliver our strategic objectives and creating work levels with job descriptions salary bands and a range of training opportunities for each role. Getting the basics right Implementing new systems and processes that deliver information services to the organisation such as our new HR system it rent. From these foundations we have developed a number of programmes to support enable and engage our employees all of which are described in detail in the Corporate Responsibility section. Read more on page 45 Our values Shared values are really important to drive sustainable longterm business performance. t hey need to be led from the top to ensure that they are embedded in everything we do. In April 2017 all our employees were invited to complete a survey asking what they believe are the most important values in order to achieve success in the future.