Our proprietary technology gives us a competitive advantage in the advertising industry. As a consequence the majority of the Groups expenditure is on staff and staff related costs. During the year the average Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 04 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executives statement Mark Sabin Tadeusz Popkiewicz Chief Executive Officer We have demonstrated the TREMENDOUS MARKETING POWER of invideo advertising Progress in 2017 focus and maturing technology Mirriads strategy has centred on three key areas the development of core technologies the development of an organisation capable of supporting large enterpriseclass customers and the deployment of the trading platform and associated invideo ad unit deemed essential to connect clients advertising budgets to the inventory we create and allow our business to scale. We have maintained our tight focus on the worlds largest and fastest growing advertising markets with high levels of video consumption. On that basis we have rebalanced our customer portfolio in favour of larger more dominant players in each respective market including AlibabaYouku NBCU RTL Group Globosat and others. We expect this focus to yield results in terms of revenues from the second half of 2018 and beyond as we deploy our platform and service model. We anticipate the number of customers under contract to show a small increase by the end of 2018 as current contractual negotiations complete. The value chain for invideo advertising involves three parties content producers distributors digital or broadcast and advertisersmedia agencies. Mirriads platform provides a marketplace for activity. The Groups business is principally based on contracting with distributors the primary sellers of the invideo advertising inventory and taking a share of revenue from resulting invideo advertising transactions. Mirriads revenue share generally averages approximately 20. Our technologies are designed to make a complex problem simple Mirriad receives video content analyses it for advertising inventory makes it available to our customers to sell and ultimately fulfils the campaigns they have sold to media agencies and brands. As our technology has developed we have increasingly focused resources on the last steps in this process. 2017 was an important year for technology developments as we solidified our capabilities for creating or predicting advertising inventory from premium entertainment content and naturally inserting realistic branded imagery into video at scale. Development work continued around the Marketplace platform which will enable key stakeholders such as content owners distributors and advertisers to transact. We also laid foundations for the 2017 was an important year for technology development. Mirriad Advertising plc Annual report and accounts 2017 05 Marketing effectiveness We ran the Groups largest campaign at the end of 2017 and into the beginning of 2018. Mirriad partnered with Youku Alibaba to create an invideo ad campaign for a leading Chinese car leasing company T angeche. The campaign embedded T angeches brand messages as ad units across more than 20 different shows over five months. This largescale campaign successfully reached the target audience and hit Tangeches awareness and consideration goals. We are delighted that the campaign results independently researched by Miaozhen Systems exceeded even our high expectations. The campaign delivered nearly 800 million impressions. At the end of the campaign almost 71 of the audience had seen the ads 72 of viewers thought that the inclusion of the brand in the shows made the scenes look more realistic and 94 of the target audience said they would take followup action with their intention to use the brand three times higher than before the campaign. We believe that the Tangeche campaign is an excellent example demonstrating the marketing power of InVideo advertising when delivered at scale. The future The path to success for Mirriad requires the Group to complete a number of steps. In 2017 and into the first half of 2018 we have concentrated on the first of those steps deploying our Marketplace platform and services as well as establishing the InVideo advertising unit through independent third party verification. This requires the organisation to onboard customer sales organisations at some of the worlds largest media companies and takes considerable time and effort. It also requires integration with third party systems either at the customer for core services or externally for third party verification and tracking of ad unit delivery. Both integration and onboarding are complex and time consuming but worthwhile initiatives each requiring agreement with and coordinated rollout with our customer organisations their clients and other third parties. Once the supply side of the model is operational our next step is to leverage demand for invideo advertising by driving demandside awareness of the product and its benefits to advertisers and clients. We do this through delivery of advertising effectiveness research executed locally and culminating in case studies on behalf of different brand categories. When demand is generated Mirriad has the technology and processes in place to fulfil transactions using Marketplace. The final step is to achieve scale in our target markets. Ultimately we believe we can drive scale in the business by establishing Mirriad InVideo Advertising as a media buying plan line item. It is also worth emphasising that Mirriad has planned capabilities to support programmatic buying and can provide personalisation depending on our distribution partners infrastructure. Mark Sabin Tadeusz Popkiewicz Chief Executive Officer 9 May 2018 Progress in 2017 focus and maturing technology continued launch of an industry credible InVideo advertising unit capable of supporting media trading at scale a third party certified verifiable consistent currency in the form of an InVideo advertising unit is essential to market liquidity. The Company has been actively protecting its IP and currently holds 11 granted patents with more in process over 2017. Industry trends There continues to be significant publicity around the verification and value of advertising media with recent comments from both Marc Pritchard and Keith Weed respectively Chief Marketing Officers of Proctor Gamble and Unilever the worlds largest two advertisers by spend.