As we announced in January from 1 April 2018 our regional insurance broking operations will be brought together into an integrated Specialty division. The Groups businesses will then be structured into three divisions Reinsurance Specialty and Employee Benefits the implementation of a Global Transformation Programme to streamline the operational processes we use to serve clients in each of our divisions to deliver global consistency and eliminate duplicated costs building on the firm foundation we have already established in the US through continuing organic revenue growth complemented by targeted acquisitions and coordinating the marketing and operation of our Employee Benefits activities worldwide. Further details regarding the strategy review and these key initiatives can be found in the Chief Executives Review on pages 14 to 17 and in the Reviewing Delivering Our Strategy section on pages 22 to 24. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Board continues to recognise the need for a strong corporate governance framework and supporting processes across the Group and believes that good governance with tone set from the top is a key factor in delivering sustainable business performance and creating value for the Groups stakeholders. The Board feels that it has a good balance of experience skills and knowledge to support and challenge the management team and that it is supported by effective governance and control systems. More information on these systems can be found in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 57 to 66. In addition the Directors Report on pages 91 to 98 reports on JLTs compliance with the 2016 UK Corporate Governance Code the Code during 2017. During the year the Board and its Committees undertook reviews of their effectiveness. The conclusions from these reviews provided useful feedback to each body on its performance. Further details are provided in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 57 to 66. JLTs share incentive schemes are designed to ensure that decisions are made by management to support longterm growth that the right behaviours are rewarded and that managements interests are aligned with those of shareholders. Further details of the operation of these schemes can be found in the Directors Remuneration Report set out on pages 78 to 90. The strength and support of Jardine Matheson has been and will continue to be an important factor in the success of JLT. Since 2014 a Relationship Agreement has been in place with Jardine Matheson in accordance with the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority FCA which require shareholders with a 30 or more shareholding to comply with certain independence provisions set out in a written and legally binding agreement. More detail on the relationship with Jardine Matheson is set out on page 66. BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENTS There were a number of Board and senior management changes during 2017. Two Directors stepped down from the Board Bruce CarnegieBrown retired on 14 June 2017 following his appointment as the Chairman of Lloyds of London and Jonathan Dawson retired on 3 October 2017. I should like to record the Boards thanks to Bruce and Jonathan for their respective valuable contributions to the Board and its Committees. We were pleased to welcome Andrew Didham and Richard Meddings who both joined the Board on 2 October 2017. Richard has become Chair of the Remuneration Committee and Andrew has become Chair of the Audit Risk Committee. Annette Court has succeeded Jonathan Dawson as the Companys Senior Independent Director. As we announced on 28 February 2018 Lynne Peacock will also join the Board as a NonExecutive Director with effect from 1 May 2018. Lynne brings with her a broad range of board skills and extensive experience gained in the financial services industry over many years. Lynne along with our existing Directors will be proposed for election at this years Annual General Meeting and Lynnes biographical details will be set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting. At a senior management level and following the reexamination of our strategy Lucy Clarke was appointed as Chief Executive of the Groups worldwide insurance broking activities with effect from 1 April 2018 with the title Global CEO of JLT Specialty. The remit of this new role covers all the Groups business activities except Reinsurance broking and Employee Benefits and reports to the Group Chief Executive Dominic Burke. Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Annual Report 2017 13 STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION Jonathan PalmerBrown stepped down from the Group Executive Committee at the end of the year and continues to act as an Adviser to the Group Chief Executive. Leo Demer retired as CEO of our Australia and New Zealand business at the end of 2017 and has been succeeded by Nick Harris. Nick joined the Group Executive Committee with effect from 1 January 2018. Leo assumes the new role of Head of Global Public Sector Specialties. With effect from 26 February 2018 Mike Rice became Executive Chairman of JLTs US Specialty business to focus on MA and to continue to play a leading role in driving new business development. Pat Donnelly formerly President and Deputy CEO assumed the role of CEO of that business. In view of the changes to the Group business and management structure the Group Executive Committee will be reconstituted from 1 April 2018. The members of the Committee will comprise Dominic Burke Mark Drummond Brady Charles Rozes Lucy Clarke Ross Howard Mike Methley William Nabarro Jim Pierce Mike Reynolds and Bala Viswanathan. OUR PEOPLE On behalf of the Board I would like to thank everyone in JLT for their continued hard work and contribution to the Group s results in 2017. I would also like to welcome all our new colleagues who have joined JLT during the year. Whatever part of the Group I visit I always see evidence of the distinctive culture at JLT that values agility and entrepreneurial drive rigour and depth of thought and a collaborative approach that puts customers first.