Growing revenues and building operational efficiency will now be the central focus. Recourse to technology in divisions such as Charles Stanley Direct allows the Group to serve a broader range of client needs often at an earlier stage in our clients lifetime financial journeys. While profound digital disruption is not yet on the horizon it is important to ensure that our technology platforms permit a timely and flexible response to evolving client needs. We intend to foster such preparedness whilst continuing to provide firstclass advice to our clients. Our Chairman Sir David Howard referred to the new governance framework and this will become a vital enabler particularly given the new wave of regulatory requirements for which implementation is under way. We are well prepared. Continuing successful delivery of our strategy moves the Group closer to the 2020 vision of becoming the UKs leading wealth manager as measured by the quantitative scores for relative client satisfaction staff engagement and stock market rating. Delivery will ensure that all our stakeholders are appropriately served and we look forward to the new financial year with growing confidence. Paul Abberley Chief Executive Officer 13 June 2017 The underlying commercial models in each of our four clientfacing divisions have been reengineered to ensure profitable delivery and to underpin the operational gearing which over time will support margin growth. Growing revenues and building operational efficiency will now be the central focus. Strategic report The strategic report as approved by the Board outlines our performance for the year an update on our markets and our business how we delivered against our objectives and the strategic focus for the years ahead. Contents 06 Strategy and operating principles overview 08 Key performance indicators 12 Our business 13 Our markets 14 Strategy progressing 18 Review of the year 34 Risk management and principal risks 40 Corporate social responsibility report Charles Stanley Annual report and accounts 2017 06 Strategic report Strategy and operating principles overview What we do Clientfocused investment management Charles Stanley has a distinctive clientfacing approach offering a genuine personal service across the full range of investment management services. We provide these services in three forms our time to interact with clients our investment insights and our willingness to make investment decisions on clients behalf. Holistic wealth management We are committed to holistic wealth management. Broadly defi ned wealth management includes our core capability for private clients Investment Management Services Asset Management Services where our investment specialists manage pooled vehicles and funds Financial Planning where clients are advised on how they should plan their fi nancial arrangements and deploy their investments and Charles Stanley Direct which gives clients the ability to access our executiononly services online without the need for direct personal contact. Focusing on you 3. Financial Planning 4. Charles Stanley Direct 1. Investment Management Services 2. Asset Management Personal Approach Full Service Offer Holistic Wealth Management Transformation journey to 2020 The journey to refocus our business has three phases The strategic review which is now complete Implementation of the revised strategy which is progressing well To deliver a sizeable platform capable of sustainable growth. Please refer to page 14 for more details 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Strategy and operating principles overview Strategic review Sustainable growth Strategy implementation Sustainable growth Charles Stanley Annual report and accounts 2017 charlesstanley.co.uk Governance Financial statements Strategic report 07 How we do it four operating divisions Asset Management Investment Management Services Investment Management Services offers a comprehensive personalised service to direct private clients managing discretionary portfolios providing investment advice and offering executiononly services covering a wide range of financial instruments. Increasingly the division is working with financial planners both internal and external to offer a comprehensive wealth management service particularly around pension planning and inheritance tax planning. The division also looks after significant assets on behalf of charities and foundations. Financial Planning The Financial Planning division provides holistic financial planning advice and works with clients to ensure that their financial arrangements and plans are optimised to address their current and future needs and circumstances. It can be delivered standalone or in conjunction with the Investment Management Services division. Charles Stanley Direct provides a directtoclient investment service created to meet the needs of the modern selfdirected investor. Investments can be made online or with telephone support in a wide range of funds shares gilts and bonds. The Asset Management division provides pooled solutions model portfolios and inheritance tax solutions for a range of clients. It also provides investment solutions for institutional investors. Charles Stanley Direct Three strategic measures The delivery of our strategy will be independently measured against targets over three strategic measures client satisfaction staff engagement and equity market rating. Our client satisfaction surveys are being remodelled to allow benchmarking within the wealth management industry and to ensure clients feedback is adequately captured and monitored. We hold annual staff engagement surveys benchmarked within the wealth management sector and ensure staff feedback is actively acted upon. We compare the Groups threeyear total shareholder return to a basket of peer group listed companies. Client satisfaction Equity market rating Staff engagement 1 2 3 For more on Investment Management Services go to page 23 For more on Financial Planning go to page 27 For more on Charles Stanley Direct go to page 28 For more on Charles Stanley Direct go to page 25 Charles Stanley Annual report and accounts 2017 Strategic report 08 Key performance indicators The Group considers the following financial and strategic measures as key performance indicators KPIs of the Groups overall performance for the year ended 31 March 2017 against the prior year comparative. Financial measures FuMA and revenue margins Definition FuMA by investment category. Performance FuMA increased by 17.1 compared to a 15.9 increase in the WMA Balanced Index. Definition Discretionary funds divided by the Discretionary client accounts. Performance The Discretionary average client portfolio size increased by 16.9. Both the Discretionary funds value and the number of client accounts recorded an increase during the year.