This gives us confidence Corero will deliver revenue growth in 2018. Ashley Stephenson Chief Executive Officer 4 April 2018 Corero enters 2018 with confidence following a year of strong growth in SmartWall revenue with proof points of multiple 1.0 million plus customers a growing catalogue of industry awards and several disruptive contract wins against competitors. In addition Corero also expanded its ecosystem of world class partners and introduced an enhanced product portfolio. We are excited about the prospects for the future of the business. Ashley Stephenson C hi e f E x e c u t i v e O ffi c e r Chief Executives strategic update continued Corero Network Security plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 08 KEY INSIGHT IoT Botnets should be a grave concern Despite its advantages the Internet of Things comes with a host of security challenges. IoT devices are usually poorly managed patched and secured. They are thus prime targets for hacker infiltration and takeover aside from the personal privacy and security concerns that result from these security gaps. The big danger is that these connected devices can be harnessed by hackers for a variety of nefarious purposes in many cases hackers use them to form a botnet to carry out DDoS attacks. Strategic Report Financial Statements Governance Corporate Directory 09 A wide range of critical cybersecurity issues face every Internet connected enterprise or organisation. These threats include denial of service hacking breach phishing fraud data theft and exfiltration. These threat vectors present themselves via the essential Internet connections that are required to support the online business. Today the vast majority of the leading Internet service providers sell raw Internet transit capacity. This capacity usually sold via 1Gbps 10Gbps and increasingly 100Gbps transport connections carries good customer traffic and malicious bad traffic without discrimination. If an enterprise data centre or hosting facility connects to these raw transit providers they will be exposed to Internet borne cyberthreats and the enterprises information security posture should be prepared to detect and protect against the associated malicious intent. Corero has focused on one specific category of these cyberthreats encompassing denial of service and has developed a real time DDoS detection and mitigation solution that can provide automatic detection and protection against DDoS attacks. In contrast to legacy approaches to DDoS mitigation which often require tens of minutes to detect and react the Corero solution can block DDoS attack traffic in seconds eliminating critical service latency and downtime. The broad range of motivations for executing a DDoS attack coupled with the relative ease with which they can be performed means that they are carried out by a variety of actors including criminal gangs activists terrorist groups and nation state bad actors. Aside from those who are focused purely on disrupting services many of those who carry out DDoS attacks do so as a form of extortion or as a smokescreen to steal data map other vulnerabilities or plant malware or ransomware. Both businesses and publicsector organisations are vulnerable to DDoS attacks and recent years have seen some of the worlds bestknown companies fall victim with notable UK examples including TalkTalk the BBC and HSBC. Similarly the vulnerability of Government services was highlighted in October 2016 when Dyn a company that provides DNS services to some of the worlds largest digital brands was subject to a DDoS attack resulting in downtime for a range of Government services. Market overview DDoS attacks are accelerating in purpose sophistication complexity scale and frequency. Attacks are increasing both in prevalence and disruptive potential. In addition cybercriminals have an exponentially increasing number of potential targets because the use of cloud services continues to accelerate and the Internet of Things is expected to expand from an estimated 8.4 billion devices in 2017 to a projected 20.4 billion in 2020. The Global Risks Report 2018 13th Edition World Economic Forum Corero Network Security plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 10 Low volume short duration attacks While the frequency of attacks is concerning the size of and duration of attacks are also important to highlight. Approximately 96 of mitigated DDoS attacks were less than 5Gbps in volume in both Q2 and Q3 2017. The average duration is also cause for concern. 65 of attacks in Q2 2017 lasted 10 minutes or less and in Q3 71 were 10 minutes or less. Q4 2016 Q1 2017 Q2 2017 Q3 2017 8 A ttack s per d a y 71 10 minutes or less 95 Renewal rate 35 Increase in attacks per quarter 96 Attacks 5Gbps or less DDoS market drivers DDoS attacks represent the dominant threat observed by the vast majority of service providers. Source NetScout Arbors 13th Annual Worldwide Security Report October 2017 Attack sizes have generally risen but half average less than 10Gbps which reveals determined targeting. Source Neustar Global DDoS Attacks Cyber Security Insights Report October 2017 Service providers deployment of inline DDoS detectionmitigation systems grew in 2017 an ongoing trend driven by the increased use of best practice hybrid DDoS defence solutions. Source NetScout Arbors 13th Annual Worldwide Security Report October 2017 DDoS attacks ranked as the third most costly form of cyberattack behind malware and webbased attacks with companies spending on average 1.6 million on DDoS attacks Source Ponemon Institute 2017 Cost of cybercrime Study.