Priorities for FY2018 Secure a suitable funding structure to support the longterm future of the Group to take advantage of the opportunities for both Peter Brotherhood and Hayward Tyler Drive further growth in order intake reflecting the improving market conditions and the Groups competitiveness Cut the Groups cost base to support a more flexible and profitable business and Continue to deliver the operational improvements supported by the increased order book. Introduction When I wrote in last years review that provided recent economic and political uncertainty does not affect general industrial activity the outlook for HTG is positive I perhaps did not appreciate how prescient that comment might be. From a financial perspective the year can be characterised using the sporting analogy a game of two halves. The first half was disappointing but our second half was much more in Hayward Tyler Group PLC Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017 19 line with previous periods and more representative of the underlying Group and its future prospects. We increased the run rate on an annualised basis to over 80.0 million of revenues and over 8.0 million of EBITDA and achieved a record order book entering the current fiscal year. However the loss in the first half combined with the order intake not happening quick enough to be fully reflected in second half revenue and profit meant that for the first time as Hayward Tyler Group PLC we were not able to either meet or beat market expectations WinOrder Process Ready to Deliver Looking beyond the numbers the Group continued to make significant progress in positioning itself for the anticipated improvement in its end markets. A huge amount of time effort and investment has gone into the frontend of the business focused on marketing sales and the winorder process. Key to this action was the appointment of Dr Colin Elcoate to the newly created position of Chief Commercial Officer with responsibility for global commercial activity across the Group. Colin joined from Clyde Union Pumps and has previously held senior positions at Babcock and Rolls Royce. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers and a nuclear expert with over 25 years experience so it is great to have him on board at such an important time. Already positive changes have been made to the organisational and commercial structure to support our growth plans including Specific roles for sales business development product management and marketing communications Tightened bidnobid and contract review processes and Salesforce.com rollout and linking to our ERP systems. The resurrection of the Peter Brotherhood name and brand has continued apace during the year with the reengagement of past customers and the identification of our installed base being key. There is no doubt that the removal of the Peter Brotherhood name from the market and associated approved vendor lists by the previous owner of the business has made the challenge of resurrection more difficult but it is a gradual process and one to which the employees and wider stakeholders are responding well. In the past 12 months over forty customer approvals have been achieved the first major order won and first significant order shipped so there is no doubt that the former pedigree of Peter Brotherhood is being brought back to life. Peter Brotherhood still has an enviable reputation in specific market niches and the challenge is to strengthen and broaden it. As an example in the floating vessels market Peter Brotherhood has more steam turbine gensets on FPSOs than all of its competition combined. This clearly stands Peter Brotherhood in good stead when the anticipated pickup in the floating vessels new buildretrofit market recovers. Peter Brotherhood also remains a key strategic supplier to Rolls Royce and ultimately the Royal Navy in the UK having provided all of the steam turbine gensets to the Astute boats. One of Peter Brotherhoods advantages is that it remains an independent supplier and as such can be more flexible in terms of product offering and response times than its larger global rivals. The Group has continued to invest in numerous exhibitions globally to broaden the reach particularly of Peter Brotherhood to try to expand the brand to a wider global population. Over the past twelve months this has resulted in exhibitions and conferences in South Africa the USA China India and the UK. Order Intake and Order Book Order intake increased by 11 to 68.3 million helped by a full years contribution from Peter Brotherhood which contributed 16.2 million thus meaning that overall our order intake KPI target of 1.1x ratio of order intake to historical revenue was achieved. Hayward Tylers order intake actually declined slightly by 4 to 52.1 million reflecting a slowdown in its end markets both in terms of new units but also in particular a slowdown in the shopservice activities of our US business as outages were postponed. The strong second half order intake contributed to a record order book as at 31 March 2017 which stood at 49.8 million an increase of 38 over the prior year. This represented an increase in both Hayward Tyler of 36 from 26.7 million to 36.2 million and Peter Brotherhood of 45 from 9.4 million to 13.6 million. So despite the downturn in the Hayward Tyler Group PLC Financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2017 20 Groups end markets there was still a healthy split between both geography and sector. Key order wins for the period included KHNP in South Korea for nuclear replacement units Eureka for submersible motors for offshore topside deployment numerous power contract wins with key customers in China and India and strategically important contracts with new customers in Peter Brotherhood. Pipeline Whilst the Group achieved its KPI target for order intake during the year the key challenge looking forward is how to maintain develop and grow a greater level of order intake to feed the newly invested and improved facilities.