Atomhawk primarily serves the creative industries working with video games studios as well as film and television production companies. Atomhawk has been involved in the creation of many high profile projects including movies Guardians of the Galaxy Thor II and Avengers II J.K. Rowlings online experience Pottermore and games such as Mortal Kombat Injustice Game of Thrones Conquest and Eve Valkyrie. Atomhawk is a regular creative vendor for global brands such as Lego Microsoft Sony Amazon and Warner Bros with a client list incorporating a number of high profile video game developers movie studios and product designers including Marvel Zynga CCP Games Ninja Theory BBC Ubisoft and Costa Coffee. The acquisition was funded through a mixture of cash and equity. Cumron continues to lead Atomhawk and has a shareholding in the Company. Sumo Group plc Annual Report 2017 10 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Sumo Digital remains focused on investing in its key relationships to develop and deliver high quality video games while maintaining a high level of staff utilisation. This proven model gives Sumo Digital high quality and visible earnings. Carl Cavers Chief Executive Officer Introduction This is my first statement as CEO of Sumo Group plc and it gives me great pleasure to update our shareholders on what has been a momentous year for the Group. In June 2018 we will celebrate the 15th anniversary of the foundation of Sumo Digital. The business has grown consistently throughout its history and it is now one of Europes largest independent video games developers. In June 2017 we acquired Atomhawk Design Limited a multi awardwinning visual design company servicing the games film and visual effects industries. This acquisition expanded our integrated video game service offering and strengthens the Groups position in offering premium services to our clients. Just prior to the close of the financial year the Group achieved one of its key strategic ambitions and following a successful IPO was admitted to the London Stock Exchanges Alternative Investment Market AIM on 21 December 2017. Having been through three changes of ownership in the last three years we are looking forward to the stability that this platform brings and the opportunity to focus wholly on the development of the business. Sumo Group is a people business offering premium video game development services to its clients. Following the IPO we have a strong balance sheet and a structure with which we can incentivise our people as we continue to drive growth in the business. We entered 2017 with 382 people operating from three locations in two countries. The year concluded with Sumo Group plc employing 489 people operating at five locations in three countries. Post year end the Group extended its operations further when it took over the Newcastle studio of CCP Games bringing a further 34 people to the business and an additional studio location. Joining AIM is a significant step forward in Sumo Groups journey to becoming a global leader in premium development and creative services to the video game and wider entertainment industries. We had an overwhelmingly positive response to the Placing and on behalf of the Board I would like to thank all our investors for their support and our advisers for helping us make this happen. STRONG ST ART GOING FORWARD Sumo Group plc Annual Report 2017 11 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT SNAKE PASS TAKES HOME THE AWARD FOR BEST ARCADE GAME AT THE TIGA AWARDS A unique physicsbased puzzle platform game Snake Pass challenges players to think like a snake as they tackle precarious puzzles as only a snake can. Slither through long grass coil around bamboo and climb out of trouble in the latest game from award winning independent studio Sumo Digital. The winner of Sumo Digitals inaugural Game Jam Snake Pass was created by Seb Liese as a loveletter to both the favourite games of his youth and his childhood pet snake. After winning a full demo was produced and taken around various public shows where it was met with great enthusiasm by gamers of all ages. Buoyed by its success full production began when the team returned home to Sumo HQ. We acquired an additional 11000 sq ft of office space in Sheffield during the year and began a significant refurbishment programme in September 2017 to provide a larger and better working environment for our people. This work is ongoing and completion is expected shortly. We also acquired a further 2700 sq ft of space in Nottingham in May 2017 which gives us the capacity to deliver headcount growth although we are constantly reviewing opportunities to accelerate growth by opening studios in other key locations. In January 2017 Sumo Digital celebrated ten years of operating in India. Our India studio was founded to provide additional skilled resources. Pune offered an appealing cost base to help underpin EBITDA performance. This part of the business has grown consistently since its foundation relocating to larger premises in December 2016 which allows for growth in line with our other territories. This studio continues to perform strongly. It is always pleasing when a business strengths are recognised externally. In January 2017 Sumo Digital was awarded a 1 star rating in the Best Companies Survey. This accreditation demonstrates very good levels of workplace engagement. We shall continue to strive for excellence and the associated 3 star rating. In November Sumo Digitals first revenue generating ownIP game Snake Pass won the industry accolade of Best Arcade Game at the much coveted TIGA Awards. TIGA is The Independent Game Developers Association a network for games developers and digital publishers and a trade association representing the video games industry. Throughout the year under review Sumo Digital continued to work with some of the largest publishers in the world. Over the past few years we have worked with Sony Microsoft Sega Deep Silver IO Interactive and CCP Games who announced their co development relationship with Sumo Digital in October 2017.