Our ability to leverage scale and best practice intellectual property across the Group whilst delivering for individual customers and brand partners is central to our continued competitiveness and underpins our growth ambitions. It is rewarding to see Group businesses winning a number of externally recognised industry and customer food awards whilst also extending and deepening our licensed brand relationships with both existing partners such as Thorntons and Mars as well as new partners such as Mary Berry. In line with our stated growth strategy the Group has continued to explore acquisition opportunities that fit strategically and meet our value criteria. However none were successful in the year as valuations remained unrealistic given known market headwinds. More challenging market conditions may provide new acquisition opportunities in the year ahead and we remain patient. Meanwhile there are ample opportunities identified to further strengthen and optimise our current Group businesses. I would like to thank my Board Executive teams and the thousands of colleagues across Finsbury for their continued commitment and hard work in baking great food products every day and in particular to those individuals which drive the investment and change programmes on top of their other day job responsibilities. The business environment isnt going to get any easier but I remain confident that Finsbury has the right people investment approach and MA strategy to deliver growth in the years ahead delivering value for employees customers and shareholders alike. Finsburys goal is to ensure that the Group is well positioned to maintain pricing for consumers and to remain a low cost producer for customers. 8 Finsbury Food Group Annual Report Accounts 2017 Our business expertise and our baking skills continue to win industry accolades. The Bakery Industry Awards crowned us Celebration Cake Business of the year while the International Licensing industry awarded us Best Licensed Food Product. Among many other successes were the Quality food award the Caf Quality food award and the Grocer Own Label Innovation award. 9 Finsbury Food Group Annual Report Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Our vision is to be a leading speciality bakery group producing a broad range of high quality products targeted at growing channels and market niches and which deliver growth and differentiation for our customers whilst fulfilling the needs of end consumers. Our focus is the UK but increasingly we are extending our reach into Europe particularly for cake products. Our growth strategy will be delivered by a combination of organic growth and targeted acquisitions. We will invest to consolidate and grow within existing areas such as round cakes and artisan bread. We will also invest to expand our capabilities into new product formats and capability. This investment will accompany and facilitate the diversification of our product capability into new channels such as foodservice cake and gluten free. Further acquisitions will introduce new product customer or channel diversification or accelerate market consolidation in our core product areas. Our Markets The total UK ambient cake market including prepacked cake and instore bakery ISB is valued at over 938 million source Symphony IRI 52 we 19 August 2017. The annual retail bread and morning goods market has a value of 4.0 billion source Kantar Worldpanel 52 weeks to 16 July 2017. The UK foodservice bread and morning goods bakery sector is worth approximately 836 million per annum. The UK foodservice cake and sweet treat bakery sector is worth approximately 494 million per annum source UK foodservice data derived from NPD Crest we 30 June 2017. Our Business The Group consists of the UK bakery and the overseas sector businesses. UK Bakery UK bakery has eight factories each with its own range of products and manufacturing capabilities and employing in excess of 3000 people across the following bakery companies Lightbody of Hamilton Ltd is based in Hamilton and is the UKs largest supplier of celebration cakes. Memory Lane Cakes Ltd is based in Cardiff and is the leading manufacturer of the UK retailers own label sharing cake. Fletchers Group of Bakeries has three factories located in Sheffield Manchester and London. It produces a wide range of fresh and frozen bread and morning goods products which are distributed to leading UK retailers and foodservice customers. Johnstones Food Service Ltd is based in East Kilbride and produces bite style cake products including its renowned caramel shortcake. It supplies foodservice customers particularly national coffee shop chains. Nicholas Harris Ltd is based in Salisbury and produces a range of speciality bread and morning goods which are distributed to UK retailers and foodservice customers. Campbells Cake Company Ltd is based in Twechar near Glasgow and produces cold set products such as caramel shortbread and tiffin for retailers. The Groups bakery product range is comprehensive and includes Large premium and celebration cakes. Small snacking cake formats such as cake slices and bites. Artisan healthy lifestyle and organic breads through to rolls muffins sweet and savoury and morning pastries all of which are available fresh and frozen dependent on customer channel requirements. Overseas Our overseas business is a 50 subsidiary Lightbody Stretz based in France and run by Philippe and Valerie Stretz. The Companys focus is primarily France and the Benelux nations and together we are beginning to make inroads into Austria Switzerland and Germany. Lightbody Stretz procures supplies and distributes a range of products to its customers. The product range includes licensed celebration and bite style cakes manufactured in the Groups UK bakeries. The company has also developed an expertise in gluten free bakery which it resources in both the UK and in Europe and sells under its brand Wiso or as own label into retailer instore bakery. 10 Finsbury Food Group Annual Report Accounts 2017 We continually develop new lines to meet new consumer demand trends such as healthier and more convenient bakery products and innovation is key to this. This year we invested in new cupcake production methods and another artisan bread production facility.