These global and strategic changes require new technologies strategic oversight programme management and certification this is our heritage and through our futurefocused technology roadmapping it is our business both today and tomorrow. Ricardo is well placed and benefits from global change. By looking forward and acting at the right time we adapt our footprint technology investment people skills and product mix. Our process to enhance the future readiness of the business led us to invest in electric vehicle and hybrid technology a decade ago and to move into developing regions of the world early on as a result we already have the skills and connections to support our customers wherever they are with the solutions required today. As the pace in electrification and autonomous vehicles increases across all forms of transportation we will continue to be ready and will match our offerings and our asset base to the requirements of our customers. Further information on the execution of our strategy can be found on pages 14 and 15. Highlights from the year We closed the year with record order intake 366m and order book 248m with good order intake contributions from all areas of our business and all core regions of the world. The Group saw growth in revenue of 6 to 352.1m 2016 332.4m and in underlying profit before tax of 2 to 38.3m 2016 37 .7m. Using exchange rates consistent with the prior year revenue and underlying profit before tax would have been 336.9m and 38.2m respectively both of which represent growth of 1 on the prior year. Further details on the results for the year are provided in the Financial Review on pages 26 to 29. Our Rail and Environmental consultancies delivered strong results at both revenue and operating profit levels as did our Performance Products business. Within Performance Products we were pleased to deliver our 10000 th engine to McLaren and to be selected to design and produce an advanced hypercar transmission for Aston Martin. Our Automotive business in Europe experienced a disrupted year of order flows which led to a less efficient business operation as the industry digested and evaluated its product plans in reaction to developments such as the various referenda elections the diesel issue and the increased focus on electrification. The year ended with strong order intake in both the engines and electrification businesses and we are pleased to see a return to more normal order intake patterns in recent months as client plans are now more settled. Group overview Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Case studies Delivering Excellence Through Innovation Technology 9 With the US business underperforming a changing customer dynamic and the increased emphasis on electrification we are repositioning the US business to enhance our electrified and autonomous vehicle service offering led from California where many new entrants are based. This involves some changes in team mix and regional emphasis and asset reduction where appropriate. We were also pleased to welcome Exnovo to the Ricardo Group early in the year bringing with it core expertise in the motorcycle industry and a good base in Italy. Post yearend we completed the acquisition of Control Point Corporation. This business brings with it additional clients and expertise in the classified US defence sector. At the heart of Ricardos success is the ability of our staff to deliver excellence and create value for customers across industries. Some examples of excellent project delivery are presented in the Case Studies section between pages 42 and 67. Each of the case studies illustrates the skills technical expertise innovation and motivation of Ricardos staff across the world Tackling nanoparticle emissions the emission of vehicle exhaust particles as small as just ten nanometres is an increasing concern around the world in terms of air quality and risk to public health. Ricardo is spearheading research into the measurement and control technologies working with industry bodies and the European Commission Charge of innovation one of the major challenges holding back the market penetration of Battery Electric Vehicles BEVs is the high cost of rechargeable energy storage. Ricardo is helping to pave the way for a new lighterweight and safer lithiumsulfur based rechargeable battery chemistry that aims to overcome the cost capacity and safety challenges of todays lithiumion based systems Semiautonomous semi truck the platooning of large vehicles represents the most attractive early application of automated driving. Ricardo engineers have developed platooning applications in some of the highest profile demonstration projects on either side of the Atlantic and Ricardo has developed an enviable reputation as a leading innovator and technical partner for semi autonomous vehicle platooning reinforcing the Groups leadership position in the development of connected and autonomous vehicle technologies Shipping steers a clear course on emissions with pollutants and greenhouse gas emissions from shipping seen as a significant and growing part of global emissions Ricardo has been commissioned to deliver a comprehensive update of the shipping emissions inventory for the UK National Atmospheric Emissions Inventory NAEI Smart monitoring Ricardo Rail has developed PanMon an innovative pantograph monitoring system which helps operators improve the reliability of electrified routes and protect critical infrastructure. Network Rail has formally approved the use of PanMon for use across the whole UK national rail system a highly significant step as PanMon remains the only such system certified for use by a major network operator and Ultimate performance Ricardo has been selected as technical and supply partner for the transmission of the Aston Martin Valkyrie the ultrahigh performance hypercar itself the product of a partnership between Aston Martin and Formula Ones Red Bull Racing. Outlook We enter the new financial year with a well balanced business and welcome the inyear acquisition of Exnovo and the recent Control Point Corporation acquisition post yearend. We continue to address and adjust to the changes in our individual markets to ensure we both mitigate risk and capitalise on the significant global opportunities which lie ahead.