In our core insurance and travel businesses we have two excellent acquisition machines whose demographic focus means we are constantly touching current and new potentially highaffinity customers. The improved capability enables us to monitor in real time what customers are doing and just as importantly what they have done while journeying through any of our systems both online and through our call centres. It will also enable us to automatically offer the customer the right product based on their history and their propensity to buy. Membership Sagas brand is synonymous with life after 50 in the UK. Thanks to the consistent delivery of tailored products underpinned by exceptional service over many decades customers often refer to being Saga members without ever having run an official membership scheme. Utilising the customer work we will create a membership scheme that rewards and incentivises our customers to both stay with Saga and deepen their relationship with us. The scheme which will launch in the second half of the year is open to all existing Saga customers and will be named Saga Possibilities. Its mission statement is to Help you our members get more out of Saga and do more of the things that matter most to you. Saga Possibilities will be structured around four key components Experiences provide members with a constant stream of inspiring products and experiences they can try. Expertise the goto place for the over 50s for subject matter and expertise providing information inspiration and insight on topics that matter most. Everyday to make the little things in life more enjoyable easier and better value. Enhanced Saga products every product and service that Saga sells will have extra enhancements for our members. We believe that the combination of our increasing customer insight data capability and membership will be extremely powerful helping us to focus our efforts on rewarding retaining and growing our target customer base and deepening our relationship with them. Our goal is therefore to grow the number of products held by HACs by 20 over the next 5 years. Conclusion the Saga investment case With a clear strategy in place to continue to drive profit growth through the core businesses and enhance the value of our most loyal customers we have made a positive start to the current year and I would like to touch again on the key takeaways that make Saga a strong investment case How we are different Our focus on an older and growing demographic Our strong customer relationships and brand loyalty leads to better customer acquisition and retention Multiple businesses with tailored differentiated offerings means the business is less exposed and carries less risk The model works We have consistently delivered steady earnings growth over time We have demonstrated another year of strong earnings growth and cashflow Confidence in future delivery Our existing strategy is robust. The indepth work we have undertaken to better understand our customers has provided the logical next step in the evolution of our model. We are now in a position to use our enhanced insight data capability and membership scheme to become a more efficient organisation ensuring We retain and deepen our customer relationships with increased persistency better crosssell low acquisition costs We improve new customer targeting through more efficient acquisition spend We generate increased profits at lower risk with lower capital through higher quality of earnings. We are seeing the benefits of this work in our current business performance. These early signs of successful implementation have increased our confidence that we can continue to leverage Sagas differentiated model to drive increased customer engagement and loyalty. This gives us further confidence to deliver consistent sustainable earnings growth through increased efficiency and customer value across the business. Lance Batchelor Group Chief Executive Officer 28 March 2017 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 SAGA PLC 8 Our Executive team The right mix Introducing our Executive Team from left to right 1. Jules Christmas Group IT Director 2. Jeannette Linfoot Managing Director Tour Operations 3. Robin Shaw Chief Executive Saga Cruises 4. Jonathan Hill Group Chief Financial Officer 5. Nici AudhlamGardiner Managing Director Saga Personal Finance 6. Lance Batchelor Group Chief Executive Officer 7. Matt Atkinson Group Chief Marketing Officer 8. Roger Ramsden Chief Executive Insurance Broking 9. Andrew Button Chief Executive AICL 10. Karen Caddick Group HR Director Strategic report Governance Financial statements ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 SAGA PLC 9 Strategic report Strategic report Our business model How we do it Delivered through the Saga Model Underpinned by our flexible capital efficient model We look to develop and enhance strong relationships with our customers over the course of many years. By doing this we gain a unique insight into the traits of our target demographic helping us to develop products and services that we know will be valuable to our customers and helping them do more after 50. We then either develop our offering inhouse or use a third party supplier. In order to choose the most effective method we consider several factors including the route that would benefit the customer most whether our internal expertise is required or if a third party is better positioned to deliver and the optimal deployment of our capital. We work across a large number of sectors so if we do choose to use a third party it is because we believe that their ability to operate in that particular area is best in class. When this is the case we design and develop the product to our specifications and the third party provides it. This is the most common approach we take. Selecting and managing our supplier base is a core skill of the Group. We work with them to ensure that the customer gets what they want underpinned by excellent customer service. When we produce products inhouse it is because we believe that we are best placed to offer the value and levels of service that our customers expect. This is especially apparent when considering our cruise business.