In addition all 21 expected renewals in the year were secured. We are pleased to report that total recognised revenue for the year ended 31 October 2017 increased by 155 per cent to 24.5m FY2016 9.6m driven by sales from both new and existing customers. Sales momentum built throughout the year such that our exit runrate monthly recognised recurring licence revenue stood on 31 October 2017 at 2.8m per month FY2016 0.95m per month a strong foundation for FY2018 and beyond. EBITDA losses for the period were 9.4m FY2016 5.2m and adjusted EBITDA losses for the period were 8.3m FY2016 4.7m being EBITDA before sharebased payments foreign exchange gainslosses and IPO costs FY2016 to remove the effect of volatile sharebased payments expenses foreign exchange gainslossesand one off IPO costs both representing continued investment in our global expansion. Cash and cash equivalents at 31 October 2017 were 16.3m 31 October 2016 11.8m. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Upsells 264 Renewal rate EXECUTING OUR STRATEGY The Group set out a growth strategy at the time of its IPO based on 4 strategic objectives. During the past 12 months we have continued to make meaningful progress against each as follows BUILDING SCALABLE DEVELOPMENT SALES AND DELIVERY CHANNELS Blue Prisms sales strategy is to achieve broad and scalable sales growth through a global channel of distribution partners. This partner sales channel includes a wide range of highly engaged partners comprising some of the worlds largest consulting firms such as Accenture EY IBM KPMG Deloitte and HCL as well as specialist technology and digital transformation firms such as Thoughtonomy DXC RPAi Symphony and Reveal Group. All of the 324 new customers in FY2017 were sourced through the channel for the first time FY2016 90 per cent including an increase in reseller deals. The Group launched a partner certification programme during the period designed to maintain the highest levels of quality assurance in our sales and delivery model. 11 partners are now certified and in March 2017 EY became the first partner to achieve Gold status followed later in the year by Accenture. As interest in RPA continues to increase our focus remains to ensure the Group is best equipped to service increasing demand by maximising and optimising this partner distribution channel. The Group has seen strong levels of industry recognition and community support as evidenced by the scale of attendance and quality of sponsors at our Blue Prism World events. Almost 2000 customers and partners attended events in San Francisco New York London Tokyo and Sydney. With premium sponsors including Accenture EY Deloitte KPMG IBM and Capgemini we go into 2018 with the confidence of having leading names in the sectors we serve supporting our longterm vision. 100 Blue Prism Group plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 SAN FRANCISCO NEW YORK LONDON SYDNEY Event delegates 1900 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED INCREASING BUSINESS WITH THE GROUPS CUSTOMERS During the first 6 months of the year the Group introduced an account management function to help improve the effectiveness of customer management following the initial sale. This has proven effective in driving increased adoption in the legacy direct accounts. We have been working on rolling this out into the indirect model with early signs of success. In FY2017 the Group secured 264 upsells across 131 customers a meaningful increase on the 81 upsells secured across 47 customers in the prior financial year. 49 of the 131 customers who upsold during the period upsold more than once with approximately 27 per cent of all customers buying more licences in the period. Renewals of existing licences also continue to be healthy with all 21 of those due in the period secured FY2016 12. These increasing levels of adoption are a result of our customers engagement with RPA and the subsequent return on investment they see from increased use of our software. The Financial Services sector is one of many realising real benefits from RPA. For example a leading Middle East retail bank is using Blue Prism software robots to process over 15000 transactions daily bringing greater operational efficiency accuracy and speed along with a 70 per cent reduction in fraud. Elsewhere in the sector within the first 12 months of its Blue Prism deployment BNY Mellon rolled out 222 robots in 35 of its different businesses spanning 147 different business functions. Turnaround time has been reduced by an average of 62 per cent including reducing one particular process from 10 days to 24 hours while also improving error rates. Blue Prism RPA has also delivered significant business benefits within just 6 months of deployment to a leading Fortune 500 financial services provider in the US with over 3tn of life insurance in force worldwide. Blue Prisms software robots were deployed to support an enterprisewide programme of strategic revenue growth which needed to be deployable at speed and across all its subsidiary businesses and functional areas. Using Blue Prism enabled the organisation to improve customer experience and reduce costs by eliminating an onerous lengthy reunderwriting backlog. It took just 10 months to put the robotic operating model in place and since deployment Blue Prism RPA has resulted in a 500000 onetime cost avoidance and delivered more than 3m savings from run rate cost reductions annually. In addition to process automation the value of Blue Prisms RPA can be realised in its positive impact on customer experience. A leading global payments services provider which in 2016 completed 791m transactions for its consumer and business clients needed to improve customer experience whilst expanding automation capabilities throughout the organisation. Automating more than 15 processes to date Blue Prism delivered endtoend automation of financial transactions whilst enabling the Company to maintain full regulatory compliance and with seamless integration with existing infrastructure.