The Group incurred a number of non recurring items in the year totalling 1.3 million. This included acquisition costs of 1.4 million primarily related to the acquisitions of NuVision and STABER and a net credit relating to Chirton Engineering of 0.4 million. The net credit comprised an exceptional credit of 2.1 million for contingent consideration no longer payable and an impairment charge against the associated goodwill of 1.7 million. There was also a loss of 0.2 million on the disposal of an old unutilised Agriculture site and restructuring costs of 0.1 million. Reported operating profit after amortisation of intangible assets and nonrecurring items was down 38.3 at 7.9 million 2016 12.8 million. Despite challenges in both of our divisions the year was one of investment and significant progress towards achieving the Groups medium term strategic objectives. Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Profit before tax before amortisation of intangible assets and nonrecurring items was down 20.2 to 11.4 million 2016 14.3 million and reported profit before tax was down 29.0 at 10.0 million 2016 14.1 million. Basic earnings per share were down by 28.0 to 7.7 pence 2016 continuing operations 10.7 pence with fully diluted earnings per share of 7.6 pence 2016 continuing operations 10.5 pence and adjusted earnings per share excluding amortisation of intangible assets and nonrecurring items of 8.9 pence 2016 continuing operations 10.9 pence. Net debt at 2 September 2017 was 14.1 million 2016 net cash of 8.1 million. The movement included 13.2 million generated from operations 14.3 million used for acquisitions and capital expenditure and 19.5 million paid in dividends. DIVIDEND The Board is proposing a final dividend of 2.1 pence per ordinary share which together with the two interim dividends of 0.95 pence per ordinary share paid on 12 May 2017 and 6 October 2017 make a total of 4.0 pence per share for the year 2016 3.8 pence per share excluding the special dividend of 17.54 pence per share paid in October 2016. The final dividend if approved by the shareholders will be paid on 12 January 2018 to shareholders on the register on close of business 15 December 2017 and the shares will go exdividend on 14 December 2017. BOARD COMPOSITION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE In line with our commitment to continual improvements in corporate governance during the year we engaged Independent Audit Limited a leading specialist in corporate governance to conduct an external evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees. That review concluded that the Board and its Committees were functioning well and noted that improvements had been made since the previous external review which we carried out in 2013. It also made a number of further recommendations which the Board has already begun to work towards implementing. The Board remains firmly committed to good governance. Some changes have been made this year to the composition of the Boards Committees and to the Groups Remuneration Policy in light of feedback received from shareholders and investor reporting bodies following our 2016 Annual Report. We always welcome the views of all Carrs Group plc stakeholders particularly where it can lead to improvements in our governance framework. Full details of our approach to Corporate Governance the independent review undertaken during 2017 and our policy on continued improvement are set out on pages 2629 of our Annual Report and Accounts. OUTLOOK The Group remains focused on delivering its stated strategic objectives of investing in both its people and its asset base whilst continuing to drive product innovation and deliver growth both organically and by acquisition across our two divisions. The outlook for UK Agriculture remains positive with farm incomes continuing to improve in the near term. Additionally we continue to see a gradual improvement in cattle prices in the USA resulting in improved feed block volumes which is expected to continue. In Engineering the difficulties in our UK business largely caused by a significant contract delay have been addressed and with the beneficial effects of other contract wins and strengthened management we expect to see a significant improvement in the year ahead. The recent acquisitions enhance the depth of our offering and provide further opportunities to drive growth. We are also encouraged by the opportunities apparent within our Engineering division particularly in China and the USA. Looking further ahead it remains unclear what the UKs terms of exit from the European Union will look like. However the Board will continue to monitor the position closely and the Group will remain flexible to respond to any challenges that may arise. Overall trading in the new financial year has started well and in line with the Boards expectations with a particularly good start to the year in our USA feed block business and strong order books across the Engineering division. We believe that with the investments made in acquisitions and research during the year in both Agriculture and Engineering we have laid a solid foundation for sustained growth and are confident in the outlook for the Group. CHRIS HOLMES DL Chairman 22 November 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 Group Strategy Seen and recognised as leaders in innovation International expansion in high value growing market sectors Investment in assets to ensure long term competitive advantage Investing in people that will shape the business in ten years time Vision To be recognised as a truly international business at the forefront of technology and innovation in our chosen markets. STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES Build business value by focusing on markets with growth potential Grow and diversify our international footprint Differentiate ourselves through innovation and technology Lead in our chosen markets TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENT PEOPLE ACQUISITIONS INNOVATION SERVICE EXCELLENCE ADDED VALUE AGRICULTURE ENGINEERING Carrs Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 07 Business Strategies Focused on growth markets We aim to succeed by being selective in what we do.