In acquiring Vametco BVL has not only acquired a quality operating mine and processing facility but a management team with extensive experience in the vanadium industry combining more than 100 years of industry experience. In addition the management team has worked on every one of the primary vanadiumprocessing plants in South Africa. This intellectual capital will be important as we look to grow the combined Bushveld vanadium platform from its current 3.5 market share of the global vanadium supply to a share projected at more than 10 in the next three to five years. I am also pleased to note the significant progress made by Bushveld Energy in establishing the market opportunity for vanadium redox flow batteries in Africa. Bushveld Energy has established an invaluable working relationship with its local partner the Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa. Through delivery on our agreed objectives we are on plan to vindicate the IDCs choice of largescale energy storage as one of the significant new industries to support in South Africa. I look forward to seeing continued progress on what has been achieved to date over the course of the coming year. All this progress is praiseworthy. It happens however amidst a time of significant uncertainty in the global political and economic sphere. The UK Brexit vote US elections and elections in France where there was much at stake in terms of the future direction of these important economies all contributed to an environment of general political and economic uncertainty. In South Africa 2017 is an important year for the African National Congress the countrys ruling political party which holds its congress to elect a new national leader at the end of the year. The significance of this lies in the nature of South Africas constitutional democracy with the party that wins the elections effectively appointing the president of the country. We watch this election process one of the most contested in recent years with much interest. The South African government recently attempted to gazette a new Mining Charter placing greater obligations on mining companies. It proposes greater representation of historically disadvantaged persons in procurement opportunities shareholding management and the board composition of mining companies. The Mining Charter has however since been suspended pending an outcome of legal challenges brought by the South African Chamber of Mines. An important antidote to this uncertainty however has to be a sound and functional democratic system within which the politics play out. This presents a source of confidence in the longterm investment case of South African based projects. South Africa enjoys a constitutional democratic order that is sound and effective and is underpinned by an effective independent judiciary and chapter 9 institutions such as the Public Protector. Geology plays a significant part in primary vanadium producers resource bases. South Africa has the largest and best quality primary vanadium resource base of any nation. As a consequence Bushveld Minerals is well positioned as it develops its integrated vanadium platform. Moreover with over 90 of its costs being Rand denominated and more than 95 of its forecast revenues being foreign currency denominated Bushveld has a natural hedge against any potential deterioration of local economic conditions in addition to its already low cost curve positioning. As the Company continues in its quest to become a significant vanadium producer and undertakes the listing of Greenhills Resources it will see the already lean management team stretched across the two distinct platforms imposing the need for more human capital. Accordingly in the coming year we will bolster the management team and the Board to ensure that the Company has the requisite capacity for the journey ahead a journey I am delighted to be a part of. I would like to thank our management team for their considerable efforts in what has been a challenging but exciting time for our Company. The business is dependent upon the hard work dedication and skills of all our team. I would in particular like to thank our CEO Fortune Mojapelo who has led the team in an exemplary way. Also to my colleagues on the board I extend my appreciation for their wise council and advice that I have received this year. Ian Watson NonExecutive Chairman I am pleased to report that the Company has been disciplined and consistent in delivering on this strategy Each of the three platforms has made strides in realising its objectives. 06 Bushveld Minerals Annual Report 2017 0.00 2.00 4.00 6.00 8.00 1.60 9.80 02 Aug 01 Sep 01 Oct 31 Oct 30 Nov 30 Dec 29 Jan 28 Feb 30 Mar 29 Apr 29 May 28 Jun 28 Jul 10.00 Business Review Chief Executive Officers Report It gives me great pleasure to present this annual report following an eventful and indeed transformational year for Bushveld Minerals Limited. We have continued the disciplined execution of our strategy for our three key platforms Bushveld Vanadium Greenhills Resources and Lemur Resources guided by our four key principles a commodity choice with robust market fundamentals b attractive cost position c a realisable path to production and d scalability.