We have a loyal and engaged customer base a committed and enterprising team and a wellinvested infrastructure. These qualities make us confident of successfully delivering the Boards clear strategy for growing the Joules brand in the UK and internationally. NEIL MCCAUSLAND Chairman Chairmans Statement 9 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STRATEGIC REPORT FY17 was another very exciting year for Joules as the brand continued to expand across distribution channels and product categories both in the UK and internationally. The strong progress delivered during the year was again underpinned by our focus on our customers and our dedication to provide quality products and engaging experiences across all channels. THE JOULES BRAND Ever since Tom Joule established the Joules brand nearly three decades ago Joules has been committed to surprising and delighting its growing community of customers with a sense of quirky Britishness. The Joules brand remains distinctive not only for its exciting use of colour proprietary handdrawn prints and unexpected details but also for its values that truly connect with our customers. We aim to be an uplifting part of our customers lives whenever they are spending quality time doing the things they love with the people who matter. The brands continued expansion and success was recognised at the 2016 Drapers Awards where Joules won Mainstream Brand of Year against strong competition from other leading lifestyle brands. This award represents a strong stamp of approval from the fashion industry for our brand and our talented and enterprising team. CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRATEGIC REPORT BUSINESS MODEL OUR BUSINESS MODEL BORN TO BE MULTICHANNEL Joules was established as a multichannel brand. Our distribution model enables our customers to easily engage with the Joules brand and to discover our products shop pay and collect their purchases in the way that suits their lifestyle. This multichannel approach is reflected in the Groups revenue mix between our two key complementary distribution channels Retail including stores ecommerce and the country shows and events circuit and Wholesale. The Group has a small but growing product licencing channel which given the strength of the Joules brand we are confident will become increasingly important over time. These complementary routes to market underpin our focused growth strategy. Being truly multichannel enables the Group to expand its product offering enter new markets efficiently and exploit further growth opportunities within existing ones while always maintaining flexibility to meet and exceed our customers changing needs. 10 Chief Executives Strategic Report CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEG Y 12 Chief Executives Strategic Report 1. INCREASING CUSTOMER VALUE Maintained average customer frequency and transaction value whilst significantly growing the customer base Maintained customer acquisition cost levels Increased targeted customer offers and personalisation of the online proposition Increased the number of store based customer events including VIP and new store opening events Appointed first Chief Customer Officer in September 2016 STRATEGIC PILLARS PRIORITIES AND DEVELOPMENTS OUR GROWTH STRATEGY We have a clear strategy for the longterm sustainable development of Joules as a premium lifestyle brand both in the UK and internationally. This strategy is built on the key pillars described below and is underpinned by our distinctive brand unique products and customer focus. These pillars of growth are delivered by our exceptional team of people supported by a wellinvested infrastructure and supply chain. 1. INCREASING CUSTOMER VALUE we intend to continue to grow our customer database increase the number of active customers and develop the value of the average active customer through providing consistent and relevant crosschannel communication 2 DRIVE TOTAL UK BRAND SALES as a multichannel brand we seek to grow total UK brand sales within target customer segments by increasing the availability and accessibility of our products across existing and emerging distribution channels making it easy for our customers to discover research purchase and receive our products. Our priorities are STORE ROLLOUT there is significant further growth potential for the brand in the UK and ROI. We target a net 10 to 12 new stores per year in the mediumterm as well as relocating a number of existing stores to larger sites that better reflect our brand and product range ECOMMERCE ecommerce is a fast growing and rapidly evolving channel. With ongoing enhancements to our ecommerce platform the customer proposition and our customer management capability we aim to increase the mix of ecommerce sales as a proportion of our total retail sales WHOLESALE we broaden the reach of the Joules brand through wholesale customers that are closely aligned with our brand values and product categories including independents department stores and online retailers. Our wholesale capabilities position us well for emerging channels such as online marketplaces and Fulfilled by models 3. INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION the Joules brand and products resonate well in international markets. We develop international markets via a wholesale model supported by ecommerce leveraging our investment in central creative and design functions and our infrastructure. Our current priority markets are North America and Germany 4. PRODUCT EXTENSION as a premium lifestyle brand the Joules product offer naturally extends to meet many of the lifestyle needs of our customers. Joules has had success extending the product offer within existing categories and into new categories and we will continue to expand into new areas that are appropriate for the development of the Joules brand both organically and through working with carefully selected licence partners 2. DRIVE TOTAL UK BRAND SALES New stores opened 13 new stores and closed two stores in the year Portfolio management relocated three stores and expanded a further three stores Ecommerce revenue represented 35 of total retail sales Ecommerce proposition new payment options and site personalisation deployed in the year helping drive improved conversion metrics Crosschannel Order in Store rollout completed in H1 enabling store staff to place a customer order via a tablet device facilitating access to our full product range in all stores Wholesale Next Label converted to a commission model. Continued strong growth in the independent specialist retailer channel 3.