The Groups strategy is to deliver outstanding performance through a focus on innovation and customer service which will lead to growth building on existing market positions by developing new markets and services whilst extending geography both organically and through complementary earnings enhancing acquisitions. The Groups organic growth strategy is focused on four key drivers increasing market share within current geographies expanding into new geographies diversification into new growth sectors and leveraging customer relationships to enhance crossselling within the Group. In addition to organic growth further growth will come from the successful sourcing execution and integration of chosen acquisitions. The Group is taking a disciplined approach to acquisitions seeking to enhance shareholder value with acquisitions that are linked or closely associated with TriConnex such as businesses within existing residential utility or nonresidential utilities markets or new markets such as continuing to develop our fibre and Electric Vehicle charging services. Returns to shareholders As a listed company one of our primary objectives is to deliver increased shareholder value over time. The Board has adopted a progressive dividend policy and has already paid an interim dividend of 2.1p per share. For the year ended 30 September 2017 the Board is proposing a final dividend of 4.2p per share which if approved at the Annual General Meeting AGM will take the dividend for the year to 6.3p per share. The total dividend for the year of 2.4m is based on a dividend cover of 3.0 times the Groups profit after tax adjusted for exceptional items which is in line with our guidance on dividend cover stated at the time of the IPO. The dividend will be paid on 9 March 2018 to shareholders on the register at close of business on 9 February 2018. The shares will go exdividend on 8 February 2018. Looking forward whilst continuing to invest in the growth plans of the business our adopted progressive dividend policy will enable shareholders to benefit as the Group delivers on its performance targets. Board and governance The Board has been established now for over a year with Richard Kilner appointed as NonExecutive Director and myself appointed as NonExecutive Chairman in January 2016. Alex Wiseman was appointed as NonExecutive Director in June 2016. The Board consists of five members in total including Executive Board Directors Mike Morris CEO and Alan Martin CFO. Since the Board was expanded in early 2016 roles and responsibilities have been defined and the Board has spent time setting out the vital discipline processes and authorities of governance. Changes have included the creation of Board subcommittees in 2016 for Audit Remuneration and Nomination all of which were in place throughout the year under review. People A primary driver to the Groups success is the team of highly skilled driven and loyal employees across the businesses. Nexus places great importance on engaging with and developing its employees and providing a platform for personnel growth and successful career development. On behalf of the Board I would like to congratulate and thank them for their continued hard work and dedication. Outlook We are in a strong position to deliver growth. The fundamental market drivers for our business look positive in the short and medium terms. The order book has grown significantly over the past year and is now at a record level. Against this background the Board is optimistic on the outlook for the business and is confident the Group will deliver on its growth strategy. Geoff French NonExecutive Chairman 8 January 2018 Nexus Infrastructure plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 5 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Our focus is to enhance our growth and market positions across both the Tamdown and TriConnex businesses as we continue to drive shareholder value. In order to do this our strategic priorities are focused on increasing market share within existing geographies expansion into new regions diversifying into new growth sectors and leveraging TriConnex as the UKs leading provider of utility connections to maximise opportunities for Tamdown. These goals can be achieved by a combination of organic growth and by selective bolton acquisitions which meet with our strict criteria of being earnings enhancing and a cultural fit. Additionally we aim to attract retain and develop the best people by investing in training and support which means we have a knowledgeable workforce with transferable skills. We believe one of Nexus differentiating factors is our culture and commitment to customer service. What are the key highlights of the full year results The key highlight for us this year has been the successful listing of the business in July on AIM. This is the first step on a journey for the Nexus Group as a publicly quoted company. The revenue being maintained at the prior year level despite a period of uncertainty following the EU Referendum demonstrates the robustness of the Nexus business model our strong market positions and our proven track record as a trusted partner for our clients. The order book is at a record level of 202.7m and with the continued investment in resources the Group is well placed to deliver its growth plans. What are your key priorities for the business going forward Our ultimate aim is to build a business that is the leading provider of essential infrastructure services to the housebuilding and commercial sectors in the UK and to continue to create value for all our stakeholders. In short this means delivering a consistent strong financial performance working in partnership and developing strategic relationships with our clients whilst ensuring that our employees have the skills experience and expertise to deliver timecritical quality services to all our customers. QA with Mike Morris CEO Our ultimate aim is to build a business that is the leading provider of essential infrastructure services.