Phil Balaam previously our Chief Strategy Officer replaced Leo as the President of our Aviation Business Unit running our global Aviation IFC and core businesses and Peter Hadinger previously President of our U.S. Government Business Unit steps up to become our new Chief Technology Officer. Susan Miller in consequence steps up to become the President of our U.S. Government Business Unit bringing together our wholesale and retail U.S. Government sales activities under one roof and stepping up onto Inmarsats Executive Team. I am pleased to say that Phil Peter and Susan are all vastly experienced and highly skilled operators in the satellite industry and I am extremely confident that they will help to further drive the performance and development of the key parts of the business that they now lead. At the end of the year we also created a new division within the business the Product Group led by Nick Thexton as our Chief Product Officer who joined us last year from YouView and previously spent many years in a number of senior roles at Cisco Systems and NDS. Nick also joined Inmarsats Executive Team. This newly created product team has been established through a spinout of our endtoend product development and management activities in our current technology division our business units and our finance division bringing together all productrelated activities under one roof and the addition of our nascent and fastgrowing digital services team. We believe this will provide more focus and agility in our product and service innovation development and life cycle management both digital and nondigital. The team will work as a catalyst between the business units and the central functions focusing on the strategic and commercial value of these services as well as driving a multidisciplinary approach to building them. Our technology divisions focus will tighten to global networks and operating systems. INMARSAT REMAINS WELL POSITIONED TO CAPTURE SIGNIFICANT GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES Our performance in 2017 supported by the impact of these organisational developments will help to ensure that Inmarsat remains well positioned to capture the significant growth opportunities that will become available in the coming years as a result of two major demand drivers. Firstly the current demand for global mobile satellite broadband services continues to grow more rapidly than in many other satellite segments. Secondly lower speed high resistance satellite connectivity services to support emerging Io T applications offers significant growth potential over the medium to longterm. Both of these areas will be driven by further growth in demand for mobile connectivity services in the Maritime Government Aviation and Enterprise markets supported by the ongoing surge in data utilisation by users on the move and around the world. Our Sband satellite was also successfully launched in June 2017 to become an integral part of our new European Aviation Network EAN to be combined with a complementary airtoground component network recently completed by Deutsche Telekom and expected to be launched in 2018 We completed the design and procurement of our fifth GX satellite announced and initiated in July 2017 and expected to be launched in late 2019 and our two replacement Inmarsat6 satellites remain on track for their launches in 2020 and 2021 respectively and We procured launchers for two of these satellite programmes comprising Arianespaces Ariane5 for GX5 2019 and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries HIIA rocket for Inmarsat6F1 2020 These planned investments in our network infrastructure drove an increase in capital expenditure in 2017 which was the primary driver behind the reduction in free cash flow in the year. Adjusted EBITDA for the Group declined by 5.5 in the year with revenue growth offset by further planned investment in IFC market capture and service delivery and in developing our networks and back office infrastructure as well as changes in revenue mix. SIGNIFICANT ACTIONS TAKEN LEADING TO MAJOR CHANGES TO THE ORGANISATION DURING THE YEAR There were a number of significant peoplerelated actions carried out during the year which led to major organisational developments across our business. During the fourth quarter we initiated a headcount reduction programme to reduce our legacy costs ensuring that we have the OUR CONFIDENCE ABOUT THE FUTURE IS BASED ON OUR STRONG TRACK RECORD UNIQUE CAPABILITIES AND DIFFERENTIATED MARKET POSITION Inmarsat plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 Governance Financial Statements Strategic Report Strategic Report Chief Executives strategic review CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRATEGIC REVIEW CONTINUED With two complementary global satellite communications networks each with inorbit redundancy we are fully focused on mobility markets. With a 38year history and reputation of delivering reliable and agile connectivity services to customers we are very well positioned to retain and capture a leading market position in both global mobile broadband and satellite IoT markets. Our confidence is supported by our Unrivalled presence in key end markets with a disciplined focus on end users for whom our services are highly differentiated and mission critical supported by strong local market access and licensing following many years of relationshipbuilding and investment. We are the current global leaders in the supply of satellite telecommunications services to the maritime government and aviation sectors Longstanding and sustainable advantage in global coverage enabling our customers to utilise a seamless consistent service wherever they are in the world ensuring they have reliable alwayson connectivity across our truly global technology platforms Owner economics ensuring we provide a high quality service to customers meeting their capacity requirements and delivering for them an optimised value proposition Established global distribution networks both through direct and indirect channels providing a diversified route to market global access and reach specialisation and customer intimacy A clear technology roadmap based on an open network architecture enabling the agglomeration of diverse future technologies as appropriate with a unique ability to Augment our global GX network through new agile lower cost technologies focused on areas of high demand to remain a leader in coverage capability capacity and cost.