This was recognised when Dixons Carphone were shortlisted for Charity Partnership of the Year. The future holds many opportunities and a few challenges and uncertainties. But we are well positioned. We have invested to make our stores best in class. We are market leaders in our key markets. We believe that the future will become more connected and more complicated. Customers will choose and buy through a mix of online and offline. We will be there with them providing technical knowhow and unbiased independent advice together with the ever important great prices excellent service and great choice. Our job is to provide great value for customers and shareholders alike. Finally I would like to take this opportunity to express my thanks to not only Sir Charles but also Tim How and Baroness Sally Morgan who will both be stepping down from the Board following the 2017 Annual General Meeting. Tim and Sally have been longserving members of the Board and have provided invaluable support and guidance during their terms. I wish them both all the very best in their future activities. I am also pleased to welcome Fiona McBain to the Board Fionas business leadership in particular in the financial services sector will be a great asset as we evolve our consumer services propositions. Lord Livingston of Parkhead Chairman 27 June 2017 6 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Group Chief Executives Statement Strategic Report I am very pleased to be reporting another set of strong numbers for the Group. In what continues to be a lively political environment in particular in the UK it has been good to see the business deliver a good year for Dixons Carphone both financially and operationally. Dixons Carphone has had another strong year financially Group likeforlike revenues were up 4 over the year with growth in every region in the Group leading to a 10 increase in Group headline PBT from 457 million to 501 million slightly above the guidance we gave resulting in an increase in headline basic EPS from 30.2p to 33.8p. At the same time it is pleasing to see across the Group sustained high levels of customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Scores driven by our continued relentless focus on improving our proposition for our customers. Total reported profit before tax has increased by 123 million driven by the increase in headline EBIT and a reduction in year on year nonheadline costs principally those associated with our bigbox property plan the costs of which were fully recognised in FY16. Our business in the UK Ireland enjoyed a good year despite some headwinds in particular within phone with likeforlike revenues up 4 over the year and headline EBIT up 4 to 385 million. This sales growth was driven in large part by growth in electricals in a flat overall market. This was somewhat tempered by a more challenging phone sector which was impacted by product safety issues a limited supply in the market of some key lines and some changing trends in SIMonly. Against this backdrop the team have delivered good profit growth underpinned by solid cost control across the business. Over the course of the year we all but completed our bigbox property plan closing 80 stores and providing a consistent experience with the latest categories and lookandfeel now right across our estate. Virtually all of our CurrysPCWorld stores now offer a fullyfledged embedded Carphone Warehouse shopinshop. Separately we have trialled a new format for our standalone Carphone Warehouse stores we now have 9 open and will continue to open more during the course of the year. The performance of these stores has been highly encouraging in particular for sales of accessories and insurance. In addition we have launched a new Carphone Warehouse web platform which is trading well. Price competitiveness continues to be an area of real focus our customers are rightly savvy and we need to be both competitive and transparent not only on the products themselves but also on the cost and availability of delivery and services. Today we show competitor prices on our websites so that customers can feel confident at all times that they are getting a great deal from us. We continue to be at parity or better versus our most aggressive pure play competitors on pretty much all of our products pretty much all of the time and we are transparent about our delivery availability versus our main competitors. Our free app Compare Prices is a great tool for colleagues and customers to check prices themselves. iD mobile operations in the UK continue to grow from strength to strength since launch in May 2015. iD allows us to offer highly differentiated propositions to customers supported by an innovative IT platform enabling us to tailor plans for example with the ability to transfer data between friends and family as well as being at the vanguard of free roaming. These propositions are proving to be very successful and I am very pleased that the active customer base is now more than 600000 making iD one of the fastest growing postpay MVNOs Mobile Virtual Network Operator in UK mobile history. 7 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201617 Strategic Report Multiplay has had a great year. The proposition was re launched and supercharged a little over a year ago and we have more than doubled our market share of the fixed line switching market. We are the only place where a customer can compare discuss choose and switch from a wide choice of national providers the broadband and TV package that is perfect for them expanding the expertise we have developed in mobile to all telecommunications and TV content needs but we will not stop there. We have ambitious plans for the business including our innovative energy switching proposition in the coming year.