For my part as Chairman I have been pleased to witness the Companys ability to manage structural and leadership change in a turbulent year. It has been made clear to me by customers shareholders employees and partners that all have valued the preservation of seasoned executive experience with the introduction of fresh thinking and renewed energy in the management team at a time of geopolitical turbulence. Relationships and reputation are of course key to the success of any business. In this context it is pleasing that close liaison with governments in the UK US the Gulf Australia India and many other key international markets continues to ensure the strength of our relationships at the highest levels and underline our commitment to contributing to national priorities across the globe. This will be particularly important in 2018 in the pursuit of major business opportunities in air maritime land and cyber currently under negotiation. The year ahead therefore remains demanding both in delivering the order book we have and building an even stronger backlog for the longterm future of the business but we approach it with confidence and enthusiasm. Our strategy Whilst market conditions may fluctuate our strategy remains clear. We are an international defence company operating in the domains of air maritime land and cyber with major business interests in the UK US the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Australia. We manage a balanced business of products and services employing worldclass skills in technology and engineering to meet our customers current and future needs. We use these capabilities primarily in the defence sector but where appropriate extend our reach into related and adjacent commercial market areas. We develop the skills necessary to supply our customers by a commitment to apprenticeships graduate training and lifelong learning. The cash we generate from the business is used to pay our people pay our taxes meet our pension obligations invest in the business through research and technology and capital expenditure reward shareholders and make acquisitions when appropriate. To deliver this strategy we have a welldefined operational framework underpinned by a strong culture which seeks to be trusted innovative and bold. Our culture As a company we focus not simply on how much money we make but more importantly how we make money. The tone is set at the top and cascades throughout the organisation. We are proud of what we do and committed to serve and equip those that serve and protect us. We aim to inspire and excel in the work we do and the technology we develop. The management ethos is to work with customers in the spirit of partnership striving to go the extra mile in the products we make and the service we offer recognising that we must earn everything and are entitled to nothing. As Chairman I believe we should place safety above profit people above process and ethics above outcomes in an environment that promotes merit and values diversity. Our Corporate Responsibility Committee monitors performance in these areas. Our Remuneration Committee focuses on the importance of rewarding management commensurate with performance and creating a structure that is fair transparent and inclusive in recruiting securing and retaining the best talent. We believe it is only by adopting these principles that we can win the backing of our stakeholders and the support of society at large. The Audit Committee continues to be the check and balance that we have to ensure we account conservatively manage prudently and manage risk effectively. In discharging these responsibilities the Committee works closely with management internal audit and the external audit team to gather their perspectives and ensure the integrity accuracy and veracity of our financial reporting to a high standard. Alternative performance measure definitions 06 11 BAE Systems Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Governance Financial statements At the heart of the business are the people we employ and the talent we build from apprentice to boardroom. As an international leader in engineering and technology we believe we have a responsibility to develop a deep pool of expertise through highquality training and apprenticeships with some 2000 apprentices and 500 graduates currently in training in the UK. Board and Executive Committee With effect from 1 July Charles Woodburn succeeded Ian King as Chief Executive. Ian retired after a career spanning more than 40 years at the Company including leading BAE Systems as Chief Executive since 2008. Building a pipeline of talent and managing succession at all levels in the business is of course an essential part of strategic planning. Our Nominations Committee consistently reviews membership of the Board and Executive Committee. In this respect in 2017 we were fortunate to recruit Revathi Advaithi as a nonexecutive director bringing wide international operational experience with strong engineering and digital credentials and Karin Hoeing as Group Human Resources Director and member of the Executive Committee. As we look forward beyond the current year we will continue to refresh the Board and Executive Committee to ensure our experience and skillset is fit for purpose in a changing world. To avoid complacency and in the pursuit of excellence we conduct rigorous annual reviews of the Board with the employment of an external advisor every other year. The key findings of the 2018 Independent Board Evaluation are outlined in the Chairmans Governance letter on page 72 of this report. As a Board we debate and review our culture each year to ensure we continue to treat everyone respectfully trade responsibly act with integrity and govern scrupulously. Summary In summary we have been pleased to deliver another year of good performance with sales of 19.6bn and underlying earnings per share of 43.5p underpinned by an order backlog of 41.2bn. Against the background of a strong Board and a refreshed and committed management team we are both content with the years performance and positive about our future prospects.