Performance summary Revenues for the year ended 31 December 2017 were 19.1 million with a gross profit of 9.7 million. During the year results were delivered from a number of new funds established by existing clients and through the onboarding of new clients in the region. The business has also contributed additional business to SANNE EMEA through crossselling existing client needs for offshore non US services. The business has a wellestablished fund administration technology platform which continues to be core to the services provided to clients. The Group has added senior management capacity in the New York office to support expansion both locally and in the wider North American market. Underlying market conditions for alternative asset management continues to be positive with an increased trend toward outsourcing back and middle office functions by investment managers driven by demand for increasingly sophisticated reporting requirements and demand amongst institutional investors for independent oversight. Stock code SNN www.sannegroup.com Strategic Report SanneAR2017 Frontproof13.indd 17 23032018 162406 25754 23 March 2018 419 PM Proof 13 18 Strategic Report Segmental Business Review EMEA Alternatives business Overview SANNEs EMEA Alternatives business includes four key alternative asset strategies Debt Real Estate Private Equity and Hedge. Debt The Debt business provides fund corporate administration and loan agency services in respect of private debt and capital markets to broadly two types of client leading global financial institutions and debt asset managers. The businesss debt capital markets offering provides corporate services to a range of SPVs for many of Europes major banks and other global financial institutions. Internal asset class experience covers a complete range of capital markets transaction structures including European mediumterm note programmes collateral loan obligations asset backed securities and repackaging transactions. The businesss private debt team covers the main private debt asset classes including real estate finance leveraged loans nonperforming loans structured finance and infrastructure debt. The business offers debt specific financial reporting and transaction management expertise and specialist debt related services including loan administration and facility agent services. Real Estate The Real Estate business provides corporate and fund administration services to real estate managers sovereign wealth funds pension funds and institutions across a range of real estate structures and their underlying vehicles. These underlying vehicles hold a range of property classes including offices hotels logistics residential student accommodation industrial retail and development. The businesss clients are generally broken down into two key types real estate corporate structures and real estate investment funds. The businesss corporate team provides administration services to real estate clients comprising regulated and unregulated vehicles for both direct and indirect investment in real estate. Services cover the complete life cycle of commercial and residential portfolios through their acquisition sale leasing development management and operation. The businesss real estate funds team provides fund administration and related services to regulated and unregulated funds investing both directly and indirectly into real estate assets with a portfolio comprising openended and closedended public funds private funds and joint ventures. Private Equity The Private Equity business provides specialist fund and corporate administration services to private equity managers financial institutions and family offices with private equity style investment vehicles. The business operates across the majority of the Groups jurisdictional centres whilst also providing certain services to funds established in other jurisdictions including the Cayman Islands BVI and Delaware. Services are delivered across a single platform supported by industry recognised IT systems. Multifunctional service teams include professional fund administrators company secretaries and qualified accountants with an understanding of specific niche assets and the regulatory framework in place in each jurisdiction. The strategies of funds being administrated include leveraged buyout venture growth and fundoffunds. The business has specific expertise and experience in energy infrastructure bioventures emerging markets and secondaries. Services include the provision of directors transaction management administration financial reporting and compliance services involving regulatory and tax reporting to alternative investment funds their managers and special purpose vehicles. Hedge The Hedge business offers middle and back office services for a broad range of fund types and standalone structures. Services include fund accounting investor services cash custody and a variety of middle office activites. Based in Cape Town the business has seen the domestic industry become increasingly institutionalised following the introduction of new regulations and is the market leading administrator in South Africa. As an immediate result of the regulatory changes the business now offers independent management company services to regulated collective investor schemes. Performance summary Revenues for the year ended 31 December 2017 were 46.8 million with a gross profit of 29 million. EMEA Alternatives saw positive growth in business wins from new clients as well as from existing clients. Fund related work contributed to the majority of that growth. We are one of the leading providers of debt administration services in the EMEA market and have seen some good traction within the capital markets space for structured finance. The Real Estate business division continues to grow across the range of core international jurisdictions with a good mix of new and existing clients. The Hedge business division had a challenging year given the backdrop of a relatively depressed local market in South Africa and local funds performance. The division successfully completed a highly intensive long running project to migrate a large portfolio of clients on to a new regulated management company platform in accordance with regulatory changes in South Africa. During the first half of 2017 the Private Equity business division continued to grow its offering to institutional private equity houses. In particular the division has seen a number of opportunities arising through relationships introduced by the Americas Alternative business.