Looking up However investors seem to have warmed to commercial property in London once again as they see that it can offer stability in this politically challenging time particularly with further political uncertainty emerging in other international markets. A return to commercial property investment in the first quarter of 2017 a total of 4.9bn worth of transactions 1 shows investors have not been deterred in the longer term. In London a total of 13 deals of more than 100m transacted in Q1 2017 compared with 11 in Q4 2016. Overseas investors once again dominated these deals accounting for 80 of all transactions by volume in Q1 2017 2. The Central London office market remains an attractive option for investors as prime West End and City yields remained stable at 3.50 and 4.25 respectively in Q1 2017 3. London Bridge well connected It is vital for our properties to be well connected and many are situated in clusters around major transport hubs. Within walking distance of London Bridge one of the busiest commuter areas of London we have four business centres including the Metal Box Factory and The Leather Market. 4.9bn Invested in office transactions in Q1 2017. 1m Small or MediumSized Enterprises in London. Overview Our Governance Strategic Report Financial Statements Additional Information 5 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Londons opportunity The resilience of the flexible London office market is clear. The Capital continues to be a vibrant home for business with a growing base of more than one million Small or MediumSized Enterprises 4. Furthermore a survey conducted in 2015 found that more than 90 of jobs in London were in the service sectors that primarily fill Workspace business centres. As companies embrace collaboration agility networking and stateoftheart design Workspace is well positioned to capitalise on the opportunities presented by Londons real estate market. As information technology rapidly advances technology that supports knowledge sharing and connectivity is now the most important factor in workplace performance 5. Mobile devices and applications have enabled high mobility and continuous remote access to networks and data raising expectations of workplace connectivity. Workspaces world class technology infrastructure tailored to individual business needs with unlimited data usage and connectivity speed continues to drive repeat business with existing tenants. Passenger journeys in London Job creation at private sector firms What this means for Workspace London continues to be a vibrant cultural and business centre where companies want to be based. What this means for Workspace We continue to see strong demand for our space from Londons businesses the majority of which are privately owned. 279.1m 12month moving average of London Underground and bus passenger journeys. 52.8 Purchasing Managers Index Employment Index. 1. Source CBRE. 2. Source CBRE. 3. Source Knight Frank Central London Offices Q1 2017. 4. Source House of Commons Briefing Paper on Business statistics. 5. Source The Workplace Performance Survey Cushman Wakefields The Occupier Edge 2017 report. London Underground Source Transport for London. Bus 200708 200809 200910 201011 201112 201213 201415 201516 201617 millions 175 200 150 125 100 75 Jan 09 Jan 10 Jan 11 Jan 12 Jan 13 Jan 14 Jan 15 Jan 16 Jan 17 Seasonally adjusted index 50 indicates no change on previous month 60 65 55 50 45 40 35 Source IHS Markit. 6 Workspace Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our market continued The Workspace Advantage Amidst the shifting economic climate Workspaces leadingedge offering is proving increasingly appealing to small and growing businesses looking for stability and commercial advantage in London. This year the real estate market has seen an even greater demand for the principles that underpin the Workspace Advantage greater flexibility technology infrastructure without limits and dynamic environments that encourage networking and knowledge exchange. As more companies seek to reduce overheads and grow the movement towards flexibility offers an attractive opportunity. Now larger companies are embracing new ways of working prioritising flexible and coworking spaces to help drive growth while avoiding getting tied into longer leases. By the end of this year nearly 1.2 million people worldwide will have worked in a coworking space rising to an expected four million by 2020 1. Responding to market trends Market trend The number of small businesses is expanding. Workspace response We have an established brand and unique offer allowing us to capitalise on this growing pool of prospective customers. We continue to add business centre space across London and expect to deliver more than one million sq. ft. of new and upgraded space over the next three years. Market trend Expectations for commercial property rental growth are tapering. Workspace response Our completed refurbishments and redevelopments are continuing to attract strong customer demand and delivered doubledigit rental growth this year. We have a pipeline of refurbishments and redevelopments to meet the ongoing demand and are targeting acquisitions in areas where we expect to see robust growth. Market trend The business rates revaluation saw rates in many submarkets significantly increase. Workspace response More than half of our customers may qualify for Small Business Rates Relief given their size and that they pay rates directly to the local council. In addition we could see increased demand for our space in areas of London with lower business rates. Market trend The continued growth of the digital economy and rapid technological advancements are driving demand for cuttingedge connected services infrastructure in the workplace. Workspace response We offer bestinclass technology infrastructure to suit our digitally disruptive customers. Ownership of the buildings allows constant evolution of the model in order to meet changing customer requirements including installation of technology infrastructure that places no limits on customers business activity. Market trend Sustainability both environmental and social is increasingly embraced by all businesses who want to ensure they are having a positive impact on their environment and on the wider community.