2. Planting of the ware crop takes place from February to April. 3. It takes about seven months to grow a field of main crop potatoes. The crop is sprayed to control weeds and guard against pests. The crop requires a lot of water to help it grow. 4. From June to September the crop is harvested into wooden boxes and taken to the farm. 5. The crop is quality controlled by eye to remove any unwanted potatoes before packing. 6. Nearly 250000 tonnes of potatoes are distributed every year. FROM SEED TO TABLE An illustrative timeline 10 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT CONTINUED demand for seed delivering a strong performance by our seed division. Our varietal development programme in this division continues apace and we have a strong pipeline of new potato varieties coming through to market. Our Cornish business of Rowe has had an average year growing picking and marketing daffodils in a season that extends from late December to late April. Unfortunately rapid crop development resulted in an early harvest which compromised sales opportunities. Expansion of our production area has given us the opportunity to serve an extended customer base enabling us to secure a number of new business wins during the year. In addition to daffodils Rowe Farming also grows and supplies early potatoes from Cornwall and made a successful start to the 2017 season. Following a good and uninterrupted planting season and subsequent favourable growing conditions Jersey produced an excellent crop of new potatoes in 2017. Strong UK demand from the launch of the crop in late April into June ensured an equally successful sales season and the performance of the business was further enhanced by our continued focus on cost control and efficiency gains. PROCESSING Our potato processing business has continued its recovery benefiting from a new management structure and an ongoing focus on improved processes and efficiencies. We have invested in new cooking equipment and detection technology extended our product range into the raw peel sector and gained new business as a result. The performance of the business was much improved in the closing months of the year and we are about to install a third production line in the factory to keep pace with growing demand. OTHER Our storage and ripening technology business enjoyed a better year with recovery in two core markets. In addition new member state chemical approvals within the EU have enabled Restrain to achieve a significant increase in its territorial reach within the last few months giving solid grounds for optimism about its prospects in the year ahead. FINANCES The business remains cashgenerative. An increase in net debt to 28.0m 2016 18.1m at the year end principally reflects our purchase during the year of a packing facility land and buildings in Jersey for 6.1m cash as well as higher stock valuations and increased trade receivables. Following the closure of Greenvales Kent packing facility in December 2015 we have removed all plant and machinery from the buildings and are confident that the sale of the site is now nearing completion. PROSPECTS The indications are that the planted area of potatoes in the UK has increased by approximately 4 for the second successive year. A timely planting season has been followed by variable growing conditions and current predictions are for a 2017 crop that is of average yield and quality. If this proves to be accurate it could deliver a gross yield as much as 9 greater than in 2016 at around 5.7m tonnes. This would usually indicate that we will have a season with more moderate raw material pricing compared with the 20162017 season. The diversity of our core business has delivered real benefits during the year under review. This proven model the new retail business we have secured and the more transparent arrangements we have agreed with established customers all give us increased confidence in our ability to achieve profitable growth in our established produce operations in the years ahead. Angus Armstrong Chief Executive Officer 27 September 2017 Directors Report Financial Statements Overview Strategic Report 11 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 A good solid performance STRATEGY IN ACTION RESTRAIN Turnover and profits have increased due to a recovery in core markets supported by additional regulatory approvals by EU member states. The principal activity of the Company is the sale lease and marketing of the Restrain system for the production and maintenance of a stable atmosphere of ethylene within potato and onion stores for sprout suppression and seed potato management. The system continues to provide the only residue free solution for sprout suppression in stored potatoes and onions in the UK Europe and other territories across the world. Sales outside the UK continue to grow and the potential for growth in both new markets and products continue to be explored and management are excited and confident about the future. 12 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGY IN ACTION A more challenging year ROWE FARMING Rapid crop development resulted in an early harvest which comprised sales opportunities. Sales volume and value did increase during the year as did costs. Rowe also harvest and sell a quantity of daffodil bulbs at the end of each season once they have been harvested sorted cleaned and sterilised. In recent years we have increased both the number of varieties grown the acreage planted and have expanded production to Perthshire. This has been necessary to cope with increased demand at the end of the season April. 13 PRODUCE INVESTMENTS ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 Directors Report Financial Statements Overview Strategic Report STRATEGIC REPORT A year of two halves The Directors present their report and financial statements of Produce Investments plc for the 53 weeks ended 1 July 2017. The current period was 53 weeks compared to the prior period of 52 weeks. References in this document to current and prior year refer to 53 weeks 2017 and 52 weeks 2016 respectively.