Progress We continue to integrate acquired businesses and evaluate acquisition opportunities. We work closely with HiETA Technologies Limited a UK company in which we have an investment that specialises in the design and delivery of additive manufacturing products such as heat exchangers for a range of applications a complementary business for our additive manufacturing products line. We are also strengthening our acquisitions process and have considered various potential opportunities during the year. Governance Financial statements Shareholder information Strategic report 25 Strategic report Our strategy in action Industrial metrology Manufacturers driven by the goals of Industry 4.0 are increasingly recognising the importance of applying Renishaw technology throughout advanced manufacturing. The breadth of technologies and experience Renishaw provides during the entire manufacturing process is unique. Geoff McFarland Group Engineering Director Intelligent process control for Industry 4.0 Intelligent machining processes are a critical element in future manufacturing technology. With the widely publicised Industry 4.0 and Made in China 2025 initiatives combined with the Industrial internet of things manufacturers are faced with an unparalleled opportunity. Renishaw plc Annual report and accounts 2017 26 Industry 4.0 is the current trend of automation and data exchange in manufacturing technologies to create what are known as smart factories. The ability to monitor key process inputs analyse data and continuously improve manufacturing processes will facilitate increased productivity and higher accuracy whilst reducing the dependency on skilled engineers. This in turn enables highly effective automated manufacturing systems to be implemented successfully. Renishaw not only provides technologies and applications that deliver some of the benefits of Industry 4.0 data generated by Renishaw devices can also be used in conjunction with other process information from machines cutting tools and other probes within predictive analytics systems for intelligent process optimisation and control. Productive manufacturing processes Simply measuring the final output of a manufacturing process using tailgate inspection is not enough and more often too late to control all the variability in a manufacturing process. It is critical that checks and measurements are also made before during and immediately after machining to control both commoncause and specialcause variation. The process control framework developed by Renishaw within our own factories has allowed us to minimise manufacturing costs and significantly reduce the skill levels required to support production. This has been achieved through a combination of integrated process control using our own products and application of factory automation. This approach is applicable to many industries using CNC machine tools. Moreover the benefits we have experienced at Renishaw align closely with the goals of Industry 4.0. Manufacturers driven by a focus on Industry 4.0 are increasingly recognising the importance of applying Renishaw technology throughout advanced manufacturing. The breadth of technologies and experience Renishaw provides during the entire manufacturing process is unique. In the future measurements provided by Renishaw devices will be used in conjunction with other data sources within a manufacturing process to allow realtime feedback for process optimisation proactive adjustment and increased intelligence. Data availability Manufacturers can only make the most of their collected data if they have the means of using it when required. Today most machine tools are equipped with a networking capability and have more accessible software architectures making it simpler to facilitate communication between systems. As integrating sensors including probes and programming automated intelligent systems becomes easier more manufacturers will be able to exploit the benefits of Industry 4.0. The data collected through inprocess measurement throughout the manufacturing process can also be used for continuous improvement. It allows manufacturers to understand what causes adverse effects during manufacturing and consider the key variables when designing and developing new processes. From consumer electronics to aerospace components products have shorter life cycles than ever before. Manufacturers must develop new products and processes more quickly to remain competitive. Intelligent processes allow high productivity and highquality output despite the reduced process development window. Additive manufacturing The advent of metal additive manufacturing AM for serialised production as opposed to prototyping will bring further benefits for intelligent manufacturing. From medical implants to critical aerospace applications customers are increasingly demanding more specialised parts to save weight or space dramatically improve product performance and simplify assembly operations. AM is allowing manufacturers more design freedom and the ability to produce prototype products more rapidly from which performance data can be quickly acquired to inform final design and manufacturing parameters. We will increasingly see a combination of both additive and subtractive technologies to gain the benefits of both processes all led by data driven intelligence at every stage of the manufacturing process. D Data collection with inprocess measurement. D Automated intelligent processes allow high productivity and highquality output. Governance Financial statements Shareholder information Strategic report 27 Our strategy in action Focus on delivering solutions Land Rover BAR understood the potential of additive manufacturing to save weight and improve the efficiency of its hydraulic system. Strategic report Lloyd ImagesLand Rover BAR Race to innovate How Renishaw helped Land Rover BAR in its attempt to win the Americas Cup Renishaw is part of Land Rover BARs Technical Innovation Group which aims to bring together the best of British engineering to help win the Americas Cup. The oldest international trophy in world sport dating from 1851 it is the worlds premier sailing challenge described as being like Formula 1 on water and has never been won by Britain. Land Rover BAR made it to the semifinals of the 35th edition of the Americas Cup held this summer in Bermuda with Renishaws AM and position encoder technology helping the firsttime challenger to produce a boat that competed well against much more established teams. Americas Cup Class ACC racing yachts use an innovative rigid wingsail. With the aerodynamics of an aeroplane wing instead of lift this vertical wing provides thrust and is efficient enough to propel the vessel up to four times faster than the speed of the wind driving it forward.