Weve come a long way but I believe we can go even further. One of my key roles is to test the robustness of our strategy and to be sure that the organisation has the capacity and capability to exploit the growth opportunities before us. When I look at the size and shape the business could be in five years time I believe the strategy is robust and deliverable but we need to make a fairly simple realignment of our internal divisional structure to give us a solid base to enable us to grow as we believe we can over the next five years. Where are we going By 2022 we aim to be by far the biggest and most successful engineering services business in the UK and one of the best in the world. I want to see us deliver toplevel returns for our shareholders whilst having grown our revenues significantly. We plan to grow internationally even faster than we will in the UK and in five years time I expect around 30 of our revenue will come from outside the UK. Expanding our international business is a priority. To achieve our target we will double the size of our global business in the next five years. As well as continuing to grow in our established markets in Australia and South Africa well be building up our business in Italy France Canada and Spain so that they too can become standalone countries. In all these six core countries we will be seeking opportunities in both the defence and civil sectors. This combined with continued growth in the UK will mean expanding our workforce. There will be new career opportunities opening up in the UK and internationally as we grow. At the same time well also be investing in employee development and training. In Technology there will be exciting developments too. I want Babcock to be seen as the benchmark for technical innovation within engineering services. In a world where the speed of technological change is rapidly advancing we need to stay abreast of developments and utilise new capability to add new dimensions to how we support customers. We need to ask ourselves questions such as How could we service a new generation of iFrigates We have already started up this curve. The challenge of the next five years is to be ahead of the curve and develop technology solutions that really help our customers. So to sum up we have a strategy where in five years I want to see us have a significant presence in six core countries expand our technology capability continue to grow our revenues provide good returns and employ substantially more people. So I need to make sure we have the structures systems processes and people to support that level of complex growth both in the UK and internationally. How will we get there We have a winning formula of depth and breadth and thats not going to change We understand complicated infrastructure and operations and the regulations involved and how we can make critical assets work better for customers. We have strong capabilities in design procurement logistics quality assurance and inspection construction and implementation. And we have a solid base of customers who confirm that when we say we are trusted to deliver we mean it. But the depth and breadth of our offering brings its own problems when we are trying to win new business. How can we bring focus and clarity to the discussion when the problems and solutions are inherently complex Weve made a lot of progress internationally in the last two years but I believe that our structure was holding us back. We need to have an organisational structure that supports our ambitious growth efforts that makes it easy for us to put together powerful targeted solutions to overcome the problems faced by potential customers. That is why from 1 April 2017 we simplified our organisational structure realigning our divisions into four sectors supported by four crosscutting capabilities including a new Global Growth and Operations organisation. Let me start with the realignment. Overseas we sell our capabilities not our UK 75 Europe 9 Rest of world 16 21 Babcock International Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executives review continued internal organisational structure. We need to remove unnecessary complexity and move to a customerfacing structure so that people can easily understand what we are offering. Therefore I decided to realign our organisation around four sectors Marine Land Aviation and Cavendish Nuclear. Bringing our services together under these four sectors has many advantages. First it will enable us to tell a much simpler and clearer story to potential customers about the capabilities we are offering. Secondly it will bring commercial and military operations together in each sector so that likeminded people can more easily collaborate share knowledge crosssell and crossfertilise ideas. And thirdly each of these sectors will take its rightful place as a leading player in its marketplace. Land at 1.8 billion and Marine at 1.9 billion will be some of the biggest players in the UK. Aviation at just under 0.9 billion will be the biggest aviation engineering business in the UK outside the OEMs and airlines and Cavendish Nuclear at over 0.6 billion will be the largest nuclear engineering services player in the UK. This realignment will give us valuable brand recognition and credibility. As well as the four sectors the new platform will be strengthened by four crosscutting capabilities that will work across all the sectors Technology Training Infrastructure and Global Growth. In Technology innovation will be an area of continuing focus as we work to stay abreast of opportunities that emerge through new technological developments.