In particular the team has a critical role to play in terms of business partnering as well as capturing the financial consequences of our corporate strategy and hence in informing the decision making process both in terms of mediumterm planning and inyear budgeting. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.ESSENTRAPLC.COM 13 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW While there is limited synergy between our businesses we have clearly defined a role for the Group to add value across a number of enabling functions from Corporate Governance Finance and HR to Operations IT HSE and Commercial. Across our diverse businesses our manufacturing capability is a common theme and having first started producing filters in the UK in the late 1940s we have extensive expertise from plastic injection moulding and extrusion to specialist printing conversion and filtration technologies. In harnessing this significant capability the Group has an important role to play in leveraging investment sharing best practice to move our facilities to world class levels taking advantage of common purchasing opportunities and standardising key processes where relevant. Alongside Operations there are also opportunities to deliver critical process improvements skill upgrades and cultural change in our Strategy Commercial function particularly with regard to driving corporate strategy facilitating and challenging the next stage of divisional strategies and overseeing MA activity and consistent postmerger integration protocols. As both areas will greatly benefit from central leadership and support we have accordingly created two important Group Management Committee GMC roles in Group Operations Director and Strategy Commercial Director. Further to our review we have revised our key financial performance indicators to focus on all value drivers from both a profit loss and balance sheet perspective. In the case of the former operating profit growth and margin are now prioritised while in the case of the latter there is an emphasis on working capital measured as average working capital per month as a percentage of revenue Property Plant Equipment and gearing this translates into an increased focus on returns both return on capital employed ie how we are using our balance sheet and return on total invested capital including accumulated goodwill etc from acquisition spend. From a financial perspective the output of our review is a clear and significantly enhanced focus on cash flow generation indeed notwithstanding the afore mentioned incremental 30m capital expenditure our objective is to improve our conversion ratio over the medium term in particular through driving sustainable improvement in net working capital. This focus on cash generation is evidenced in welldefined financial and capital allocation policies these include a leverage target of between 1 2x net debt to EBITDA and a stretching internal return threshold for capital expenditure programmes as well as a disciplined financial approach to acquisitions and a recognition of the importance of the dividend to shareholders while driving stability and growth. In addition we have revised our management incentives to ensure due alignment such that cashrelated performance measures now account for 30 of the annual cash bonus and 20 40 of the LongTerm Incentive Programme. and of the wider Group While there is limited synergy between our nine businesses in terms of endmarkets and customers served nonetheless there are a number of key aspects where the Group can add value. Indeed over and above the role of Finance outlined above together with Human Resources and Health and Safety of which more below there are a number of other areas where a unifying central resource can significantly enhance the sum of our constituent parts and we are already making progress. Not least among these is Corporate Governance and consistent with the Boards ongoing commitment to promoting a strong culture of the highest standards of business ethics based on clear principles we now have an externally benchmarked and supported route to upper quartile FTSE 250 performance by 2020. Together with the cultural change initiated during the year which has seen a more committed tone from the top and the revision of a number of protocols we have initiated a number of process improvements including resetting our risk management approach to develop consistent and relevant performance indicators filling certain gaps in business continuity management and contract processes and revising our internal audit approach to add value and help drive positive change. IT is also an area where we can benefit from an integrated approach global infrastructure and coordinated activities. Indeed the previous absence of corporate strategy consistent standards and postacquisition systems integration has resulted in a proliferation of platforms and installations relative to our site footprint while historic underinvestment means certain software is coming to the end of vendor support and we lack the necessary skills and number of resource for the relatively complex environment we have. The IT team led by our new CIO Richard Cammish and supported by selective external expertise has much to do to upgrade our capabilities as well as to direct the continued investment being made to address the growing risks which all companies face in the cyber security domain but is energised for change and the task in hand. ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.ESSENTRAPLC.COM 14 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW People At all levels our employees are a vital resource in the Companys pursuit of operational excellence and the provision of quality products and services to our customers. And as Chief Executive my priority is to provide a working environment which enables talent to flourish and where people believe they have the opportunity for career development. Having introduced assessmentbased Leadership Development Centres LDC in 2014 a total of 171 colleagues across all geographical regions have now attended the two key development programmes globally. Essentras LDC is not a traditional training programme rather it is designed to assess skills against defined Company leadership competencies which will be critical to our organisational success going forward. Together with their manager the employee takes responsibility for using the output from the LDC to create a personal development plan with support from our Human Resources team.