The scheme received the important Retirement Quality Mark from The Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association PLSA one of only three Master Trusts to have this accreditation. At the Professional Pensions annual awards NPT was Highly Commended in the category of Retirement Income Provider of the Year. Read more on page 9. Growth through technology During the year we developed Radar our proprietary software that fundamentally changes the interaction between actuarial and investment advice allowing advice to be integrated rather than being provided separately. We anticipate Radar will help us serve our clients better bringing greater insight and thus more valueadd services. We also expect Radar to drive more new client wins. Growth through market consolidation The midtier of the pensions consulting market is highly fragmented and is ripe for consolidation. We have previously completed and integrated several strategic acquisitions and successfully administered and integrated books of business that we have acquired. We did not complete any acquisitions in 2017 but have reviewed prospective acquisition targets and will be looking to enter discussions. Our IPO has given us potential access to capital to be the driver of consolidation in our market. Read more on page 17 Read more on page 17 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 15 Priorities We will continue to utilise staff more effectively across our network of offices for example by centralising functions where tasks are common across multiple clients or are not scheme specific. We will invest in a wide range of training programs both technical and more widely to empower our people to make a difference to the clients they serve. We will continue to develop our technology infrastructure and services with the aim of becoming a recognised leader of pensions consulting and derisking solutions. We have scale but are nimble a perfect combination in our market. We will aim to expand on the high quality longstanding relationships we have established with existing clients the majority of whom access only some of our services. We see a particular opportunity to provide more derisking services an area of demand that provides greater value add to clients being good for pension scheme members and sponsoring employers and thus has the potential to generate higher margins. We aim to expand our DB pension scheme advisory and administration client base by targeting new full services or ongoing appointments by building relationships with independent trustees intermediaries and directly with pension schemes. We believe that with the investment in our holistic service offering the quality and efficiency of our delivery our experience of new business activities and competitive pricing we are well placed to win new appointments building on our track record of working on derisking projects for existing clients together with the experience of our senior management we will be marketing such expertise to new clients for oneoff projects. In addition we believe that HR Trustees can continue to win new clients as an increasing number of DB Schemes seek to appoint an independent trustees. We also aim to continue growing our SIPP business through new sales. We intend to offer NPT as a solution to clients in several ways including as an employers main defined contribution arrangement into which contributions are paid or a decumulation vehicle to sit alongside an employers existing arrangement where the employers own arrangement does not offer the full range of flexibilities a vehicle to enable trustees of UK DB Schemes to discharge their duties in relation to additional voluntary contributions and a vehicle to receive transfers in respect of individuals who wish to transfer from a clients DB pension scheme. Radar will be introduced across our client base during 201718. We will continue to enhance it as it is adopted and we gather feedback from our people and our clients. Technology will continue to be a key focus in all areas of our business. We plan to enter discussions with a select number of prospective acquisition candidates and in light of our track record in making strategic acquisitions and potential access to capital believe we are well positioned to continue to review the market for further consolidation opportunities. Acquisitions must be right from the perspective of our people and our clients. Xafinity Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 Trivial commutation Many pension schemes have members with an entitlement to a small pension. Maybe someone worked for an employer for only a couple of years in the 1980s and might now be entitled to a pension of 10 per month or so. Such members have the option to swap this pension for a one off cash sum in this example the pension might be swapped for around 2500. This is known as trivial commutation. This might well suit the member and also makes sense for a pension scheme as shrinking the membership reduces the administration burden in some cases the cost of administering the pension can be greater than the pension itself At Xafinity we have invested time and effort to be the very best at running bulk exercises to communicate this option to members. We developed our Centre of Excellence. At the heart of this is the idea that a bulk exercise like this is about people not spreadsheets. So we developed a world class approach to communications and trained a dedicated team armed with the best technology to deliver these exercises. We have run over 80 such bulk exercises. Our largest win was in January 2017 when we were appointed without a tender process to run an exercise on an 11bn scheme to communicate with 10000 members. We have a strong prospect list for future trivial commutation exercises. Growth through expanding our services Strategy in Action Case study Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Company Information 17 Winning against the Big 3 We were invited to pitch to provide full services actuarial administration and investment consulting services to a longstanding client of a Big 3 firm.