The Group is seeking to leverage its market leading position in the manufacture procurement and supply of unlicensed medicines specials and special obtains in the UK and use it as a platform to license and commercialise a pipeline of the top specials. The Group is therefore closely aligned to the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agencys MHRA aim of reducing clinical risk by subjecting medicines to the licensing process and effectively moving them up the UK prescribing hierarchy. The component parts of the hierarchy are more fully explained on page 6. Much of the Groups strategy over the past five years has been to equip itself with the capabilities needed to fully address this hierarchy through both organic growth and selective acquisitions. Quantum Pharmaceutical is now the market leader in the UK for the manufacture and supply of specials and special obtains UL Medicines is number two in the UK market for sourcing and supplying imported medicines licensed abroad Lamda is a leading specialist development formulation and licensing business capable of guiding products through the licensing process and Colonis is an expert product development and commercialisation business equipped to take unlicensedto licensed UL2L products to market. These components are in place are fully integrated and are key to future growth. We must now focus on what we do well. Some of the Groups difficulties this year are rooted in persevering with products where it has not been first to market. The sales and marketing capability needed to successfully launch products into such a marketplace is considerable and the expertise needed to compete effectively against incumbent product offerings is not a core competency of the Group. It would require substantial investment and time in advance of securing meaningful revenues for the Group to build this capability. 5 Quantum Pharma Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report The essence of the Groups focused and simplified strategy is therefore to prioritise and concentrate its own launch efforts on UL2L products where it has firstmover advantage and on larger niche generic nonUL2L products where there is a market opportunity. Meanwhile we will seek to partner with businesses who specialise in marketing other types of nonUL2L products to fulfil the potential of the remainder of the portfolio. The launch of Glycopyrronium Bromide Oral Solution 1mg5ml Glyco in August 2016 is a blueprint for the type of UL2L development and launch that is now our priority. I am encouraged by the way we executed on the launch and that Glycos sales performance has subsequently been in line with our prelaunch estimates. This bodes well for future UL2L launches and I am excited by some of the products in our pipeline that display similar characteristics to Glyco in terms of our estimate of their market opportunity. The Group has also taken action this year to remove distractions and address underperforming businesses. The most significant example of these is NuPharm which ceased trading in January 2017 following a period of sustained operating losses. Although this decision was taken with great regret the profitability profile of the Group is much stronger as a result and management are now wholly focused on growing the core Specials and Niche divisions. It is critically important that all our resources and efforts are geared towards making our focused and simplified strategy a success and that there are no other distractions. Corporate governance The Board values corporate governance highly and believes that it is integral to the delivery of the Groups strategy to the generation of shareholder value and to the safeguarding of the longterm interests of its stakeholders. As Chairman I am responsible for the leadership of the Board and for ensuring its effectiveness in all aspects of this role. The Board is responsible for the Groups strategic development monitoring and achievement of its business objectives oversight of risk and maintaining a system of effective corporate governance. More information about our corporate governance controls and processes is contained within the Directors report starting on page 28. Board changes During the year we announced a number of changes to the Board. Following the resignation of Martin Such as Chief Financial Officer CFO on 7 March 2016 Chris Rigg was appointed as his replacement. On 12 July 2016 Andrew Scaife tendered his resignation as Chief Executive Officer CEO and left his role on 29 July 2016 following which Chris Rigg was appointed Acting CEO on 1 August 2016. Chris was appointed permanent CEO on 19 October 2016 alongside a new Board comprising myself Dr John Brown as Senior Independent Nonexecutive Director and Christopher Mills as Nonexecutive Director. John Clarke and Sheila Kelly resigned from their roles as Nonexecutive Chairman and Nonexecutive Director respectively. Gerard Murray was appointed CFO on 23 January 2017 succeeding Chris Rigg who had been performing both roles since 1 August 2016. Dividend The Board has proposed not to pay a final dividend for FY17 as the Group intends to reinvest its profits to progress development of the product pipeline as rapidly as possible. Our employees and stakeholders We rely on the skills experience and commitment of our team to drive the business forward. Their enthusiasm innovation and perseverance remain key assets of the Group and are critical for its future success. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank all of our employees customers suppliers and stakeholders for their continued support over the last year. Summary This years results draw a line under the past performance of the Group. They mark the transition to a more focused and simplified business led by a new Board and demonstrate real progress in executing our strategy. The Board is confident in the future prospects of the Group and we look forward to reporting on further strategic progress as we move forward.