I am pleased to say that each is in the process of being sold to its respective management team. XiMo. Having now successfully demonstrated production of sample quantities of its catalysts the next stage is to conrm the same capabilities on a larger scale in order to prove that the process is viable commercially. This stage will require signicant additional investment and we are actively seeking third party funding for this next step. I strongly believe that these changes to the portfolio support our long term strategy and will make a positive contribution to the Group in the future. I am also pleased that we have been able to raise the dividend again this year. Other than in 2008 when we held the dividend we have raised the dividend every year since the merger with Linton Park in 2005. On other matters I am pleased that the 2017 triennial UK pension scheme valuation shows a small surplus of 7.1 million as against a previous decit of 7.9 million. We will continue to monitor the position carefully mindful of our continuing and future obligations to the members. CAMELLIA PLC 6 249229 Camellia RA pp01pp19 18042018 1812 Page 6 7 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT BUSINESS STRATEGY The overall Group strategy which is set out on page 20 remains unchanged with each division expected to perform against an agreed divisional strategy with goals and targets for the short medium and long term. These are summarised below Agriculture To focus on our core crops of tea macadamia and avocado where we have scale and geographic spread. Where appropriate opportunities arise to add to our production capability in these three crops as well as to make aligned acquisitions and investments to enable us to capture more of the value chain. To maintain and potentially to grow our portfolio of noncore crops in order to retain the diversity of location and crop which has historically proved so valuable in shielding the Group from the impact of climate change and commodity price uctuations. To utilise our agricultural expertise to make the most of the estates that we already have and to develop new estates where possible and appropriate. Agriculture is the largest division and is the area where we see the best long term investment opportunities for the Group. This will remain our focus for future investment. Engineering Engineering North. To take advantage of the recovering oil sector whilst diversifying into adjacent sectors in order to create a sustainably protable engineering business. Engineering South. To continue to grow Abbey Metal Finishing and its joint venture in Germany Atn as quality suppliers to the aerospace industry. XiMo. To nd new investors to take the technology to the next phase in its development. Food Service ACST. To continue to operate as a high quality business in the storage and distribution of frozen foods aiming to achieve critical mass by protable growth and if appropriate acquisition. Ash and Wylax. To establish a sustainably protable business model that works in the European sh distribution market. Investments Investment Portfolio. The Group has a portfolio principally of listed investments the strategy for which remains to invest in high quality companies where we believe that there is long term value. This portfolio also enables us to balance our geographic risk exposure. Investment Property. The strategy is to continue to invest in quality assets where an appropriate yield may be realised. The process of developing some of our existing properties to enhance yield will continue. Collections. The Group has collections of art philately and manuscripts which are regularly reviewed and are added to or sold as appropriate. Associates The Group has three associate companies in the nancial services sector of which BFM the listed Bermudian insurance business is the most signicant. With all our associates we continually monitor our investment and may increase or decrease our holding in the future. CAMELLIA PLC 249229 Camellia RA pp01pp19 18042018 1812 Page 7 CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT CAMELLIA PLC 8 PERFORMANCE Agriculture Tea Production 2017 saw the Groups second highest ever production levels through our own and managed clients factories. Total Made Tea produced was 95.0 million kgs 2016 99.1 million kgs. Mature Immature 2017 2016 area area Volume Volume Ha. Ha. mkg mkg India 14369 1394 27.6 28.6 Bangladesh 8578 635 13.6 14.1 Kenya 4101 55 13.5 15.1 Malawi 5244 427 17.0 15.6 Total 32292 2511 71.7 73.4 Estate volumes only in addition 19.3 million kg of tea was produced for smallholders 2016 20.3 million kg and a further 4.0 million kg for managed clients 2016 5.4 million kg. Tea pricing and operations India India had a record production year in the Dooars gardens. Volumes in Darjeeling for the year were materially impacted by the previously reported strike. A new dedicated Bought Leaf factory Jogopur was successfully opened at our Danguajhar factory site and Bought Leaf production was restarted in Assam on Sessa and Borpatra gardens. Tea prices for India were generally lower than the previous year other than those from the Dooars region. Prices at the start of the year were under pressure due to high volumes of unsold teas from 2016s record production but improved from the midyear point to levels above the previous years particularly for the Dooars and Assam CTCs whilst the Assam orthodox market was down on the previous year. Darjeeling prices were volatile due to the supply constraints inicted by the strike. First ush teas sold well but the majority of the second ush and main season teas were lost. The situation was not helped by the implementation of GST in India which hindered both the auctions and tea sales in general as the market familiarised itself with the new system. Our average selling price over the year was 6.4 lower than the previous year.