The final dividend will be put to shareholders for their approval at the Companys AGM which will be held on 10 May 2018. At the Companys last AGM on 11 May 2017 all resolutions were approved by shareholders. Our business is in good shape and based on our investment pipeline we anticipate a strong level of deal flow over the coming years in each of our core markets. Phil Nolan CHAIRMAN Our business is in good shape and based on our investment pipeline we anticipate a strong level of deal flow over the coming years in each of our core markets. Phil Nolan CHAIRMAN 10 John Laing Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Outlook for our markets The overall market for greenfield infrastructure is driven by a number of factors but especially population growth urbanisation and climate change. In the case of urbanisation some commentators forecast that within 20 years two out of every three people will live in a city. Other factors which influence infrastructure spending include governmental policy towards regulation and investment the demand for energy and the availability of capital both private and public sector. Most of these factors apply to each of the sectors in which we operate transport and transportrelated infrastructure such as roads tunnels bridges and rail assets environmental infrastructure such as renewable energy water treatment and waste management and social infrastructure such as schools and hospitals. We are proud of the fact that many of the assets we invest in provide a public benefit. We operate in a wider infrastructure market in which there has been historical underinvestment. This provides a strong incentive for governments to use public private partnerships PPPs to procure greenfield infrastructure. As well as access to private capital PPP arrangements enable governmental and other public sector bodies to benefit from fixed price arrangements which transfer very significant risks to the private sector especially design construction and operational delivery risks. The growing international adoption of PPPs as a procurement model for infrastructure is acknowledged by the World Bank which publishes a PPP Reference Guide. Our Primary Investment teams benefit from a robust and diverse pipeline of future opportunities in each of the three regions where we currently operate North America Canada and the US Asia Pacific Australia and New Zealand and Europe including the UK. We have focused strongly on developing our relationships with international partners including construction companies rolling stock manufacturers and renewable energy developers and this is resulting in more investment opportunities. We entered 2018 with strong positions in nine shortlisted PPP consortiums and with four exclusive renewable energy opportunities. North America six of the nine shortlisted PPP positions are for potential investments in North America. In Canada we continue to see a strong commitment to PPPs from federal authorities as evidenced by the recent establishment of the Canadian Infrastructure Board. The most active province is Ontario especially in the transport sector. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW I AM PLEASED TO REPORT THAT IN 2017 WE SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED OUR INVESTMENT COMMITMENTS WHILE MAINTAINING OUR TRACK RECORD OF STRONG RESULTS. THIS WAS ACHIEVED DESPITE THE IMPACT OF LOWER POWER PRICE FORECASTS WHICH AFFECTED A NUMBER OF OUR RENEWABLE ENERGY INVESTMENTS AND WITHOUT THE BENEFIT OF THE SIGNIFICANT FOREIGN EXCHANGE GAIN IN 2016. The highlights included 10.5 increase in NAV from 1016.8 million at 31 December 2016 to 1123.9 million at 31 December 2017 13.5 increase in NAV including dividends paid in 2017 NAV per share at 31 December 2017 of 306p 31 December 2016 277p New investment commitments of 382.9 million 2016 181.9 million Realisations of 289.0 million from the sale of eight investments Profit before tax of 126.0 million compared to 192.1 million in 2016 12 increase in external Assets under Management AuM to 1648.5 million Cash yield from investment portfolio of 40.2 million 2016 34.8 million and Final dividend of 8.70p per share giving a total 2017 dividend of 10.61p per share 2016 total dividend of 8.15p per share an increase of 30.2 from 2016 before adjustment for the rights issue. John Laing Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Overview Olivier Brousse CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER In the US 2017 has been a breakthrough year for John Laing. We have taken advantage of increased activity in PPPs and made further investments in renewable energy. The US is a market where procurement for greenfield assets takes place predominantly at state or city rather than federal level and where the need for greenfield infrastructure has been highlighted by states or cities introducing specific local tax increases to raise funds for new assets required. Asia Pacific we remain very active in the PPP markets in both Australia and New Zealand. In Australia following a very successful year in 2017 we see fewer PPP projects reaching financial close in 2018 but a very active pipeline thereafter. In renewable energy we have benefited from the impetus given to the market by the Federal Renewable Energy Target in Australia. Europe three of the nine shortlisted PPP positions are for potential investments in Europe. While the PPP market in some European countries remains subdued we are concentrating on those jurisdictions which have or will be initiating active PPP road programmes such as the Netherlands Spain Germany and Norway. While the political climate in the UK is currently not favourable towards PPP it only accounts for 5 of our total pipeline. Outside the current pipeline and beyond the PPP and renewable energy markets we continue to research other infrastructure asset classes that could potentially fit our business model in order to feed future growth. The due diligence we carry out before investing in new markets follows a rigorous process that eventually rules out many opportunities. Over the last three years we have made our first investments in managed lanes and in offshore wind and expect these sectors to offer a number of investment opportunities in the future.