We have significantly reduced our net debt 2 this year to 71.4m 2016 102.6m which includes the proceeds from the sale of heavy plant of 14.4m and is after the acquisition of specialist lifting business Lloyds British for 3.8m. Net debt 2 to EBITDA 1 has reduced to 1.13x 2016 1.93x. This reduction is a result of improved controls over capital expenditure disposals of under utilised assets and good working capital management. The Group has a strong balance sheet and substantial headroom under its banking facilities which expire in September 2019. With a clear strategy for sustainable profitable growth the Board will regularly review organic growth opportunities value enhancing acquisitions and shareholder returns to ensure it operates with an efficient capital structure. Explanatory notes 1 See note 11 to the Financial Statements. 2 See note 19 to the Financial Statements. 3 See note 9 to the Financial Statements. 4 Return on Capital Employed Profit from operations before amortisation divided by the average of opening and closing capital employed where capital employed equals shareholder funds and Net Debt 2. 08 Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF ExECut IvES REvIEW CONTINUED We have fully integrated the acquisition of Lloyds British into the business and have rationalised the number of Lloyds British depots relocating some into our existing network. We have already realised a number of further revenue and cost synergies. Lloyds British complements Speedys existing lifting testing and training businesses and is enhancing Speedys overall offering to its customers. During the year we launched our vision of becoming the best company to do business with in our sector and the best to work for and have further developed our strategy to help us achieve these aims. We have improved the customer experience in a number of ways including through embedding new customer feedback technology that enables customers to review our service in real time and at a local level. This feedback gives us the opportunity to respond immediately to any issues that may arise. We have also launched an internal initiative made up of four key programmes that ensure our people understand and can contribute to our strategic vision promoting our brand proposition improving customer satisfaction enhancing internal advocacy and engagement and delivering better systems processes and management information. These programmes are monitored and reported on monthly at the Executive Board and are improving business performance. Our focus on strong customer relationships has enabled us to win and renew a number of contracts with our larger customers including a contract renewal and scope extension with Carillion Plc which in total could be worth up to 45m over three years and renewals with Babcock and Morgan Sindall Plc. Whilst there is some market uncertainty in the lead up to Brexit and the general election we are now well placed to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Operational review uK and ireland The UK and Ireland business contributed 92.8 of Group revenues. Revenue increased by 11.1 to 342.9m 2016 308.7m Partnered services revenue increased 15.0 to 52.2m 2016 45.4m reflecting revenue from the heavy plant disposal which transferred to partnered services and an improvement in revenue from larger customers. Total revenues excluding asset disposals increased 6.4. Gross margins on core hire revenue declined slightly over the period reflecting the competitive market environment offset by improvements in asset utilisation the lower hire fleet and consequently lower depreciation charges. Overhead costs fell by 1.6m after absorbing 4.3m of bonus costs 2016 1.0m and the costs of Lloyds British. The regional operating divisions were restructured into two during the year to improve efficiency and enhance accountability and empowerment this has resulted in cost savings and an improved operational performance. EBITA 1 increased to 22.0m 2016 14.5m before central costs of 4.8m 2016 5.1m. We have introduced a more stringent governance process for capital expenditure decisions and improved our asset utilisation by c.7 to an average for the year of 51.5. As a result the hire fleet has been reduced by 11.4 to 186.8m 2016 210.8m including the sale of the Groups heavy plant for a total consideration of 14.4m in September 2016. The fleet was sold to Ardent with whom we entered into a fiveyear rehire agreement with an option to extend for a further two years. Our hire fleet remains the largest of its type in the UK and Ireland and combined with our partnered services offering we are proud to offer our customers the ability to hire a full range of products. Whilst we have made a solid start to the year the market remains competitive. With the business now stabilised and a strong balance sheet we are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities and continue to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Corporate Information Speedy Hire Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 international In the Middle East our business is primarily with national government clients in the Oil and Gas market in Abu Dhabi. In spite of low oil prices the business has grown this year as projects have fully mobilised and new work has been secured. Revenue grew 29.9 12.7 on a constant currency basis to 26.5m 2016 20.4m of which approximately 50 is partnered services. Gross margins have increased slightly and overheads have reduced. As a result EBITA 1 has increased to 2.1m 2016 0.6m. Of this improvement 0.2m related to favourable exchange rate movements. The Group operates a joint venture in Kazakhstan which has performed well this year following cyclical shutdown activity. Profit from JV operations increased to 1.7m 2016 0.7m. Safety and sustainability We have an industry leading approach to safety and sustainability and continue to promote safety related topics with our customers through our Intelligent Safety campaign. We consistently report the lowest accident and injury rates in our sector and have recently implemented an app to facilitate reporting of all health and safety related matters and recommendations.