We move into our first full year of operating as a public company with confidence about our ability to deliver promised results. The Strategic report on pages 04 to 47 have been approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf by Joseph C. Brandt. Joseph C. Brandt Chief Executive Officer 4th April 2018 and inside the renewable division and are starting to see positive results from these measures in early 2018. Capacity Factors were high in our solar fleet which enjoyed much higher irradiation levels than normal and overproduced by 11 while capacity factors in our hydroelectric facilities were below plan and wind performance was close to plan in Peru slightly above plan in Austria and below plan in Brazil. In 2017 our financial results were better than target and displayed the resilience of an operations centric business model that diversifies risk across multiple geographies and technologies. By design ContourGlobals financial results do not depend upon any one geography technology or weather resource. We believe that this resilience creates a higher quality risk adjusted cash flow for shareholders. These diversification benefits were on display in 2017 as we were able to outperform our adjusted EBITDA target. Financial results were strong in all areas revenue topped 1bn for the first time ever an increase of 13 yearon year. Adjusted EBITDA and Funds from Operations FFO were 513m and 256m an increase of 17 and 23 respectively. As targeted liquidity and yearend net leverage ratio 4.1x were within targeted levels. Market Outlook and Growth Our business is international with a concentration in three primary regions Europe Latin America and to a lesser extent SubSaharan Africa. We operate in the market for electricity generation infrastructure and participate in that market through our own development greenfield development which involves creating an asset by taking it through the permitting financing and construction processes as well as the acquisition of existing power plants. We operate develop and acquire power plants using conventional fuelbased technologies as well as those using renewable technologies currently wind solar and hydro. Within both categories we focus on two broad categories of customers national grids and the utilities that supply these grids and commercial and industrial customers with substantial energy needs who prefer to procure their electricity supply directly from onsite facilities. Todays electricity space is dynamic with new technological and commercial approaches creating opportunities and challenges in both developed and developing markets. Within established markets such as Western Europe incumbents have embarked upon broad reviews of strategy leading to a redefinition of their core businesses and accompanying divestitures of power assets many of which are in markets that we know and like. Within developing markets energy demand growth continues to outstrip supply and in certain world regions such as SubSaharan Africa energy supply remains woefully inadequate leaving most of the population without electricity and its indirect benefits such as clean water and stable infrastructure. Intriguingly one of our early development initiatives has become trendy. Corporate PPAs have been a recent focus of a renewable industry in search of new creditworthy counterparties to enter into longterm offtake contracts to facilitate the development of new projects. These agreements are generally financially settled longterm arrangements in which a corporate buyer pays a renewable generator for electricity delivered to the grid. Many corporations are increasingly procuring electricity with such structures and have grown significantly in the past three years. A decade ago our ContourGlobal Solutions business was an early pioneer of the corporate PPA market. Working with CocaCola HBC CCHBC we first used thermal fuels and then renewable generation technologies. We developed highly efficient and innovative energy production facilities within CocaCola HBCs bottling facilities in Europe and Africa that supply all of CCHBCs energy needs for electricity hot water chilled water and through innovative CO 2 capture technology incorporated into these power stations carbonation. Later we worked with CCHBC to install substantial solar fields in Italy on the large rooftops housing their production and storage facilities installing approximately 4.5 MW in five locations using what today would be known as a Corporate PPA. Last year we extended our Solutions business into Latin America where we acquired four cogeneration facilities in Brazil which directly supply commercial customers. Through this acquisition we are extending this what is old is new again business from Europe and Africa to Latin America. As we explore new growth we remain impressed with the number of opportunities we see to make accretive acquisitions in Europe and Latin America while at the same time remaining cautious about the prospects to build new generation in these same markets. Historically low and extended interest rates has led to capital deployment decisions in our industry that have driven returns on new build below that of acquired assets resulting in an historic anomaly in the power sector. One should get paid more to take the development permitting and construction risk to build a new asset than to acquire an already functioning business. Such anomalous pricing between new build and acquisition renewables and thermal is not justified by technology or cost improvements but rather reflects other more strategic imperatives. We continue to believe that this dynamic creates its own set of opportunities. In SubSaharan Africa where we have long been active and successful we are cautious outside of the industrial space. Despite much of the continent making impressive strides in governance and reform the post financial crisis collapse in commodity prices has pressured the continent despite helpful interventions by the international development community. Although headline investment in new electricity capacity seems promising projects across the continent struggle to make their way from signing to closing to full operations and once operational pressure on public finances challenges fragile states to meet their contractual commitments.