Looking ahead it is clear to see that 2018 is set to be incredibly active for WideCells Group. Having successfully launched all three divisionsservices our primary focus is now on driving product update to deliver strong recurring revenues and realise meaningful value for our investors whilst providing our clients with an affordable and quality product offering that provides them with lifesaving medical cover for them and their family now and for many years to come. In line with our commitment to being at the fore of the rapidly growing global stem cell industry we maintain an active growth strategy and will continue to target strategic opportunities that provide our company with value uplift opportunity but our rst and foremost focus is on building the prole and global reach of our innovative stem cell services. Joo Andrade Chief Executive Ocer 4 June 2018 WideCells Group PLC Annual Report Accounts 2017 12 Strategic Report INTRODUCTION WideCells Group PLC the Group is a company domiciled in England. The Group was incorporated on 24 May 2016 and this is the second set of nancial statements prepared by the Group. The WideCells Group was formed on 16 June 2016 when WideCells Group PLC acquired the entire issued share capital of WideCells International Limited which had been originally incorporated in 2012 under the name of Wide Universal Ltd and its wholly owned subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom Portugal and Spain. On 27 July 2016 WideCells was admitted to the London Stock Exchanges Main Market raising 2.00 million 1.72 million net of costs via the placing of 18181819 new ordinary shares at a price of 0.11 and since then the Group has raised approximately 1.4 million before fees in two private placings. A placing and live market bookbuild to raise an additional 1.80 million is underway as referred to in note 26 to the Financial Statements. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW WideCells Group is an international specialised provider of stem cell services. Its business is separated into three key divisions each of which is operated under a separate brand WideCells CellPlan and Wideacademy. OUR STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK The market and recent trends Over 4000000 people have stored cord blood with over 500 cord blood bank companies that exist worldwide. The global stem cell market was valued at approximately US96 billion in 2017 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 13.8 to 2025 to reach an estimated value of US270 billion Source Transparency Market Insight report. As one of the fastest growing segments of the stem cell market the number of cord blood banks worldwide has grown from 23 in 2004 to over 500 in 2013 Source BioInformant Report. The Directors believe that the Groups growth will be driven by the following factors amongst others while the cord blood market in the US is reasonably mature it is an earlystage market in other areas of the world where cord blood banks were not well established until the 2000s. This provides potential for growth and expansion cord blood stem cells are relatively uncontroversial because they are derived from otherwise discarded materials associated with living newborns. WideCells is not involved in embryonic stem cell research the effectiveness of cord blood transplants has been widely validated with 30000 transplants performed worldwide to date cord blood is a very versatile biological material as it can be used to treat a wide range of blood diseases genetic and metabolic disorders immunodeciencies and various forms of cancer cord blood is a naturally occurring resource available during the birthing process collecting cord blood for transplant use is a safe easy and painfree process. Thus cord blood transplant has a distinct advantage over directly competing alternatives such as bone marrow transplant the industry serves expectant parents who are generally openminded about options that could provide protection to their families public awareness is improving and perception toward cellular therapy is becoming increasingly favourable due to news coverage about stem cells being used to treat serious medical conditions as well as to heal traumatic injuries for sports icons clinical trial data support applications for haemopoietic stem cells from cord blood and mesenchymal stem cells from cord tissue there is substantial potential for consolidation and cooperation within the industry including mergers acquisitions and funding rounds and industry associations and there is a trend toward diversication within the industry with cord blood banks effectively becoming stem cell banks through the storage of cord blood cord tissue and in some cases placental tissue amniotic uid and more. Overview 13 Strategy Current Business Strategy The strategy of the Board is to continue to develop and expand the business segments noted above. In addition it will work to develop the existing Groups business. The Directors believe that the growth of the global cord blood banking industry and the trends within the industry referred to below will create opportunities to build the Groups services and products. The Groups strategy in the cord blood banking market comprises three key elements It is intended that the CellPlan insurance product which the Group has developed with the medical advisory group will give customers access to renowned specialists and hospitals globally and will include cover for medical travel accommodation expenses including a companion arranging doctors appointments hospitalisation paperwork and bills. The Group expects that the CellPlan insurance will be priced within the range of 150300 p.a. depending on the country. The Group will retain a percentage of the net premium of each policy sold Through its WideCells business the Group has established a laboratory called the Institute of Stem Cell Technology at the University of Manchester Innovation Centre.