Walkin patient revenues grew 29 periodonperiod as patient volumes rose 2 compared with a yearearlier decrease of 4 and test volumes rose 7 versus a 2 yearago decline. Understanding that protracted high inflation in Egypt has had the most significant impact on our patients who pay for their own healthcare we have developed our market ing programs to target them with a strong health aware ness message in combination with a compelling value component. This includes offering bundled diagnostic test packages for lifestylerelated diseases and chronic health conditions an inhouse point redemption system and bank partnerships for more affordable payment plans. Moreover in recognition of the pressures being felt by all our patients We enter 2018 in a strong financial position with an underleveraged and highly cashgenerative balance sheet that provides us with strategic flexibility IDH ANNUAl REPORT 2017 12 our price increases have been significantly below the high rates of inflation caused by the November 2016 devaluation of the Egyptian pound. The brand equity we have built over many years has translated into strong loyalty among the millions of patients who came to know and trust us long before facing the current inflationary pressures. We continued to expand our geographic footprint in 2017 bringing our total network of laboratories to 383 with 8 annual unit growth. We opened 23 new branches in Egypt four in Jordan and two in Sudan. It is noteworthy that our subsidiaries in both Jordan and Sudan continued their steady growth last year together contributing 17 of consolidated sales and 9 of consolidated EBITDA last year. In Sudan the recent lifting of longstanding US sanc tions marked an important milestone signalling an end to the countrys economic isolation and paving the way for a brighter economic future. IDH delivered EBITDA growth of 18 yearonyear to EGP 602 million despite shouldering additional corporate expense burdens that accompanied the implementation of Egypts muchneeded macroeconomic reforms. Beyond the lingering inflationary impact of the devaluation of the Egyptian pound the higher costs of rent transportation and utilities were all pressure points as was the value added tax imposed in July 2016 and increased to 14 from 13 in July 2017. The effect of higher interest rates has been doubleedged as higher interest income on the large cash balances we carry on our balance sheet was partially offset by rising interest expenses on our mediumterm debt. Our bottom line did benefit from a substantially lower foreign exchange loss this year than last helping net profit to rise 44 periodonperiod to EGP 384 million. As IDH maintains internationalquality accreditations to ensure bestinclass service we are honoured to have been awarded the certification for our Cairo Mega Lab from the College of American Pathologists CAP widely considered the leader in laboratory quality assurance globally. The international accreditation of our Mega Lab constructs a competitive barrier to entry to our markets and as importantly imparts an assurance of quality and safety that engenders strong loyalty among our valued corporate as well as individual customers. IDH operates the only laboratory in Egypt with the dis tinguished CAP accreditation. In sum our Company stayed the course last year relying on the fundamental strength of our brands and sharply focused on deploying our assetlight model. We have suc cessfully managed to contain our costs whilst at the same time upholding our highquality standards Companywide and maintaining our high patient and physician satisfac tion levels. By doing so we were able to both protect our margins and increase our market share in 2017. In marked contrast to many consumer names in Egypt IDH has been able to successfully drive volumes and pass on selected price increases postdevaluation. Beyond the insulation provided by the inherently defensive nature of the healthcare industry I believe it is also very much a testament of our trusted brands. We enter 2018 in a strong financial position with an underleveraged and highly cashgenerative balance sheet that provides us with strategic flexibility. Macroeconomic progress in our Largest Market There is welcome evidence that Egypt representing 83 of our 2017 revenues is turning the economic corner. Last year demonstrable progress was seen regarding the imple mentation of reforms to stabilise the countrys finances as well as promote growth and employment. With the floatation of the Egyptian pound in November 2016 the foreign exchange market has normalised and IDH ANNUAl REPORT 2017 13 Strategic Report the parallel market has been eliminated. After losing more than 50 of its value in 2016 the Egyptian pound closed the 2017 year at 17.67 per US 1.00 down only slightly from 18.00 at 2016 year end. Among other reforms the govern ment also began a gradual reduction of energy subsidies with some of the resources reallocated to strengthening the social safety net. As a consequence of the sharp devaluation of the cur rency as well as the new energy policy however inflation has remained high. In December 2017 headline inflation stood at 21.9 after peaking at 33 in July. To address this extreme inflationary pressure the Central Bank of Egypt CBE has adopted tight monetary policy with aggressive interest rate hikes in May and July of 2017. The Govern ment of Egypt expects headline inflation to fall to 1013 by the end of 2018 whilst the consensus forecast among analysts appears to be 1314 at midyear. Expanding 0ur Geographic Footprint in Africa I am also pleased to report that in early 2018 we added Nigeria to our geographic footprint as a onestop shop diagnostics services provider. We have accomplished this by forming a joint venture with Man Capital LLC the Londonbased investment arm of the Mansour Group called Dynasty Holding Group.