The improved liquidity derived from the disposal has assisted us in reducing net debt though equally critically afforded us investment capacity in our largest brands to further increase overall reach in targeted markets. Net debt at 30 December 2017 was 195.9m a reduction of 8.6m on prior year 2016 204.5m. Strategic review of financing options Operationally the Group is performing well in difficult market conditions. As an industry we have seen the classified advertising market suffer enormous structural change over the last decade and more recently the display advertising market has come under pressure from new competitors particularly Facebook and Google. Despite the resulting revenue decline we have maintained an adjusted operating margin of just under 17 whilst delivering strong growth from the i newspaper. We currently face the challenge of addressing issues with the Groups capital structure. The major acquisition programme in 2005 and 2006 saw peak debt levels hit 751 million at the end of 2006. While net debt at 30 December 2017 excluding marktomarket stands at 195.9 million this level of debt is now too high given the current size of the business and represents a constraint on its ability to return to growth. Last year the Group announced it had commenced a strategic review to assess the financing options available to the Group in relation to its Bonds which become due for repayment on 1 June 2019. As a key part of this strategic review process the Board has engaged with its major stakeholders including shareholders holders of the Bonds Pension Trustees and The Pensions Regulator. The Board subsequently announced that it was approaching its largest bondholders regarding the formation of an ad hoc committee of bondholders which was then formed in November 2017. Discussions with advisers to the ad hoc committee and our other stakeholders are in progress. Any proposal that results from these discussions will remain subject to negotiation and consent of relevant stakeholders and there can be no certainty that a formal proposal will be forthcoming. In the event that consensual amendments to the Groups capital structure can not be agreed with relevant stakeholders alternative options for the restructuring or refinancing of the Bonds prior to June 2019 will be explored as part of the ongoing strategic review process. Resolution of this matter remains a key priority for the Board as it is currently creating significant uncertainty for the business and its stakeholders and detracting from the good operational performance of the business in 2017 and the strong recent progress we have made against our strategic objectives. Refer to the Viability Statement section for further details. Ashley Highfield Chief Executive Officer 12 Johnston Press plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report The Group remains a news publisher with the significant majority of revenue derived directly from the selling of newspapers or advertising across print and digital platforms with the balance of revenue stemming from services based income such as contract printing. The sector as a whole remains under pressure from continued and prolonged structural change as consumer habits continue to evolve into digital formats alongside those of regional SME advertisers looking to promote their services to consumers. The twin pressures of changing consumer behaviour and competition from companies such as Facebook for a share of regional marketing spend led the Group to pursue a number of strategies to decelerate trading declines in the regional newspaper sector and shift revenues to more stable income streams within the national newspaper sector to more stable services based income from contract printing and growth of income from the premium newsbrands within the Group that have the greatest growth potential specifically focusing on accelerating digital traffic and revenue growth. The Group now comprises four key revenue areas Print advertising 37 of the Groups total revenue 1 Digital advertising 13 1 Newspaper Sales 39 1 and Contract Printing 7 1. Regional newsbrands excluding i newspaper and contract printing represented c.78 of total Group revenue 1 down from 85 1 in 2016 operating in a total regional print advertising market estimated to have declined by 14 2 in 2017 offset by a 3.6 2 increase in the market forecast of digital advertising. The market forecast for 2018 shows an improved decline rate of 9 2 from print advertising though marginally softer trading from digital at 3 2 growth. National newsbrands represented within the Group by i newspaper delivered a more robust performance with total print declining by 7 2 in 2017 coupled with a strong digital performance of 16.2 market forecast growth. Looking forward into 2018 the market for print advertising is forecast to decline by 6.2 2 with digital growth slowing to a 7.5 2 growth. Actual performance from the i national print advertising beat market forecasts in 2017. Total digital advertising in the UK grew by 12.3 5 in 2017 dominated by Google and Facebook sharing over 60 of the total market. Within the display component of the market Google and Facebook market share grew to over 65 of total display spend across all devices with the significant majority of growth within 2017 captured by the same two companies. Display advertising spend is now dominated by mobile display formats at 56 of total display income up from parity between desktop and mobile in 2016. In general terms the national newspaper market segment across print advertising digital display advertising and circulation revenues within the quality national daily market has been more robust than the regional segment in which the Group also operates and has helped improve the overall revenue decline profile of the Group 3 and in line with Groups strategy of moving towards more stable and diversified revenues 4. Historically circulation revenue performance remained relatively stable with volume declines partially compensated by the cover price rises across both regional and national titles.