During the year we expanded internationally in North America with Loblaw Inc Loblaw the Canadian food retailer and in Europe through the partnership with TCC Global TCC a global retail marketing company both of which we have continued to develop. The North American focus is gaining momentum with the Loblaw implementation of Eagle Eye AIR now under way and the opening of Eagle Eyes first overseas office in Toronto Canada. The new office and operational team supports the Loblaw project and will act as a hub to capitalise on the significant North American market opportunity estimated to be worth over 84bn Cadent Consulting Group 2015 and Raymond James 2016. 2017 saw us exceed against managements original revenue expectations put in the foundations for scale and execute against our growth strategy. STRATEGIC REPORT 08 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 09 Eagle Eye Solutions Group plc Annual Report 2017 For more information please visit www.eagleeye.com Win T ransact Deepen targeting giving customers much more value and offering retailers the chance to truly understand their customers rewarding them whilst they are still in store thereby maximising engagement. Large retailers cant shift the dial The big retailers have substantial analogue schemes which are so embedded in the organisation that it is a challenge to upgrade and innovate their systems. However with the growing importance of digital channels in order to meet consumers expectations and utilise digital they must look outside of their core schemes to remain competitive. This means they are looking for alternative routes to get new schemes to market quicker presenting a sizeable market opportunity for Eagle Eyes innovative loyalty offering. Measuring the effect of social media There is increased pressure for businesses to measure marketing Return on Investment ROI across social media channels and prove that its a valuable revenue stream. This can be solved through realtime redemption capability linking online to offline. Brands using Eagle Eye can send personalised offers to consumers and track redemptions in realtime enabling businesses to invest back into the consumers social media channels. This realtime element ensures campaigns can be tracked and optimised to maximise success rates whilst delivering genuine value to consumers. Through bridging online to offline creating digital connections to track behaviour eventually retailers can augment the shopping trip beyond the internet and build a richer single view of the customer. We are uniquely placed to address these global issues which retailers are facing today by helping them create an intelligent realtime connection with their customers. Win Transact Deepen Following my appointment in September 2016 our focus has been on building on our strategy to become a global digital marketing leader. To achieve this we aspire to be Better Bigger Faster by improving in three core areas of customer interaction Win bringing more customers onto the Eagle Eye AIR platform Transact driving higher redemption volumes through the platform and Deepen building relationships with customers as the breadth of our product portfolio becomes more developed. 1. Win We made continued progress adding new retailers and brands to the AIR platform in the year. At the end of the year Eagle Eye had 233 live users including 74 FMCG brands up from 219 users with 70 brands at the end of 2016. At the start of the year we set out to increase the number of redemption points to the network new retailer signings included the Society of London Theatres English Heritage and additional Mitchells Butlers MB brands Chicken Society Son of Steak and Stonehouse. In addition in May 2017 the Company signed a threeyear contract with John Lewis PLC John Lewis for the deployment of AIR to deliver improved digital customer marketing. Since the financial year end the Company announced the twoyear renewal of its contract with Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions for the use of the AIR platform within Asda that integrates with existing AsdaWalmart POS solutions across Asda stores. Both these UK contract announcements reinforce the clear competitive benefits our solutions deliver to leading retailers. In March 2017 the Company signed a strategic partnership with TCC a world leader in creating retail marketing programmes and longterm loyalty schemes allowing Eagle Eye to extend its digital promotions offer into the European loyalty market. TCC works with many of Europes largest retailers making them a valuable partner and enabling the Company to accelerate growth outside the UK. 2. Transact Redemption volumes which are a key measure of usage of the AIR platform and of the success of our transact strategy have grown by 58 yearonyear to 60.4m 2016 38.4m. Volume growth was primarily driven by the full year benefit of Asda volumes the first phase rollout for Sainsburys in the fourth quarter of 2017 and increased brand activity through redemption outlets. Using Asda as a nationwide redemption channel from July 2016 to October 2016 Coke Zero Sugar ran a promotional campaign across the AIR platform that generated a redemption rate of over 10 compared to the typical redemption rate of a traditional analogue campaign of 0.52 Shopper Technology InstituteJuniper Research. This meaningful uplift in redemptions is proof that Eagle Eye can successfully drive higher redemption rates through the power of digital. As part of this campaign Eagle Eye formed a new partnership with the life cycle social advertising company Driftrock. This unique partnership now enables the success rate of advertising on social media channels to be measured through to redemption. During the year we have successfully powered digital campaigns for leading drinks brands through the food and beverage network. These brands include Diageo AB InBev Pernod Ricard Heineken and Suntory. Working with each brand and their media agency the Company has coordinated a number of promotions targeted by region using a combination of web landing pages programmatic display traditional advertising game and dating apps plus social media lead ads.