Our goal is to continue to accelerate the shift to higher value added business with Scapas innovation and IP that will deliver higher margin and stronger partnerships with our customers who are growing and significant. The Industrial business continues to deliver impressive results through focus on Return on Capital Employed ROCE and operational efficiency. This year it achieved the longterm objective of doubledigit trading profit margins. The pressure sensitive market is large diverse and mature. Estimated at over US30 billion its growth reflects the GDP of the markets. We recognised that to deliver the doubledigit profit growth we could not rely solely on revenue growth particularly given the uncertain and endemic macro environment. As such we outlined a selfhelp agenda focused on operational efficiency and asset optimisation. Our methodical and exceptional operational execution enabled us to deliver on our goal. We have along the way accumulated capabilities and competencies that are yielding significant results. Moreover they are allowing us to expand our potential. We have reset our profit margin target to midteens which compares to the market leaders. We believe we can achieve our new goal by continuing to execute our selfhelp agenda. Furthermore we believe that we can achieve abovemarket growth through focus on specific markets where we have competitive advantage. PERFORMANCE AND DIVIDEND The continued focus on execution against a consistent strategy outlined above produced another record year for the Group. Group revenue increased 13.3 to 279.6m 2016 246.7m and trading profit increased 37.1 to 29.2m 2016 21.3m with strong trading helped by a currency translation tailwind. On a constant currency basis revenue and trading profit grew 1.7 and 18.2 respectively. Group margins increased to 10.4 from 8.6. Adjusted earnings per share increased 39.6 to 14.8p 2016 10.6p and basic earnings per share was 11.6p 2016 4.1p. This year has seen a further strengthening of the Balance Sheet including continued actions to manage the legacy pension scheme deficit. The UK deficit increased slightly to 23.8m as a result of the reduction in the discount rate and the total deficit of 31.4m including a number of small overseas schemes is now less than 1x the EBITDA of the business. EBITDA comprises trading profit before depreciation. The Group ended the year with net debt of 16.1m 2016 2.6m after the acquisition of EuroMed for US35m 28.3m in May 2016. The business continues to focus on cash flow and working capital management. Given the continuing progress and improved performance the Board is proposing to increase the final and full year dividend by 14.3 to 2.0p 2016 1.75p. Subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the dividend will be paid on 18 August 2017 to shareholders on the register on 21 July 2017. The exdividend date is 20 July 2017. GOVERNANCE As the Group continues to grow both organically and through acquisition the Board recognises that a strong governance framework and good internal controls supported by common values and culture are critically important. The Board remains focused on ensuring its own effectiveness and that of the governance processes throughout the Group. An internal review of Board effectiveness was conducted in 2017. The corporate governance section on pages 38 to 69 outlines our full compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code. BOARD CHANGE I succeeded James Wallace as Chairman in March 2017 at the end of the fiscal year. James has been the Chairman of Scapa since October 2007 and during that time he oversaw much of the change as a result of which Scapa is well positioned for a bright future. On behalf of the Board and all the employees at Scapa I would like to thank James for his strong leadership during his ten years as Chairman a period during which Scapa was transformed from a business with significant challenges into the strong successful business it is today. PEOPLE Since becoming Chairman I have visited many of our sites and had the opportunity to meet our people. It is evident that Scapas recent success is a result of the skill and dedication of our employees who have embraced the business unit strategy and the cultural changes demanded in the Group. The Scapa Way and our Ten Guiding Principles are now well embedded in the Company culture which gives a common value system to people from a range of diverse backgrounds and cultures. The Group continues to invest in its people through a variety of programmes and has been able to make a number of senior appointments this year from internal talent. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank all the employees for their contribution to an excellent year. OUTLOOK It has been a year of significant progress and I am very positive about the further opportunities for the Group in both Healthcare and Industrial. Healthcare is well positioned in a growth market and has a window to take advantage of the outsourcing trend. Industrial will continue to drive increased ROCE with further opportunities identified. I am confident in Scapas ability to continue to make progress and deliver further value to our shareholders. L C Pentz Chairman 23 May 2017 James Wallace on the left hands over Chairmanship of the Group to Larry Pentz. STRATEGIC REPORT 4 SECTION TITLE PAGE REF SCAPA GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 5 4 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRATEGIC REVIEW T H E F IN A N CI A L ACCOMPLISHMENTS ARE THE RESULT OF OUR RELENTLESS AND UNCOMPROMISING EXECUTION OF THE STRATEGY. OVERVIEW During the year the Group delivered on a number of the strategic milestones we have set for ourselves we achieved doubledigit profit margins in Industrial and our Healthcare revenue has surpassed 100m.