Its specific characteristics mean that we have entered the country with diligence and discipline. The team took two years to analyse the market before deciding that Zenith the master servicing business we purchased in 2017 was the right entry point. This acquisition has exceeded our expectations in all respects AUM has grown by over 70 and the deep insight it has given us into the Italian markets characteristics has allowed us to invest our own capital ahead of forecasts and at excellent returns. Importantly all investments were originated in offmarket deals from the Zenith platform and are therefore assets on which we have excellent performance visibility. Having made a successful start and established strong foundations we believe that now is the right time to expand the business. Market activity is high as regulatory pressure to deal with Italian bank balance sheets has started to take effect and asset sales rose from 34.0 billion in 2016 to a projected 64.0 billion in 2017. The market potential remains considerable and we are seeing strong demand from Arrows clients in the alternative asset space for us to deploy the same capability in Italy that we have successfully offered them elsewhere offering our crossasset class special servicing capabilities in high level niches we understand well and where we are prepared to invest our own money. This targeted approach is key to our success we will not attempt to cover the entire Italian market but only the parts where we can develop an edge and generate solid returns. In other markets we have built the leading servicing platform for both ourselves and thirdparty investors through a combination of acquisitions and organic build. We believe that this strategy will serve us well in Italy too given our longterm commitment to the market. Our track record demonstrates that we are able to achieve the following identify the right management teams which fit with Arrows culture and bring local expertise buy platforms at attractive prices in offmarket deals where value accretes to our shareholders and grow acquired platforms swiftly after acquisition by tapping into Arrows broad origination footprint across a wide range of financial institutions and alternative asset manager clients. The two new bolton acquisitions of Parr Credit a specialist servicer for sophisticated financial investors that has diversified into small ticket utilities and telecoms servicing and Europa Investimenti an expert investor in nonperforming corporate and SME business are consistent with this approach. In addition investment will be required in order to build out our credit platform offering for clients. Expanding asset class offerings notably secured systems governance and risk infrastructure and adding management depth will involve a twoyear programme of investment. This will contribute to our ability to grow our investment portfolio conservatively with continued underwriting discipline and to our stated ambition to grow asset management revenues materially by the end of 2018 and beyond. Strengthened funding During the year we took the opportunity to strengthen and secure our longterm funding. In March the Group issued 400 million senior secured floating rate notes due 2025 at a coupon of E2.875. This has meant that the Groups weighted average cost of debt has been significantly reduced to 3.9 2016 4.9 and the weighted average maturity of the Groups debt at 31 December 2017 was 6.1 years 2016 5.8 years with no facility maturing before March 2022. This positions us well to continue to run the balance sheet efficiently and capitalise on opportunities presented by market conditions. We continue to be open to further opportunities to reduce our weighted average cost of debt and extend its duration. Investing for growth One Arrow While the runway for growth provided by our significant market opportunity remains substantial our strategy centres on controlled growth of our balance sheet allowing us to maintain underwriting discipline and returns within our balanced capital structure. The combination of our origination strengths client relationships and servicing platforms means that we are well positioned to take advantage of the potential to grow capitallight asset management revenues. To achieve this in a safe disciplined and sustainable way we took the decision earlier in the year to invest further in our core capabilities. This will see us strengthening governance and Group capabilities using our knowledge and expertise from certain geographies in order to improve efficiency across the board. Areas of focus will be in our core centres of excellence Origination Data Analytics Portfolio Management Risk Management and Change IT Functions. In addition we are increasing investment in our servicing and operating platforms across the Group to improve customer journeys through enhanced digital capabilities which in turn will produce improvements in our productivity. We have outlined an investment and restructuring programme totalling 22.0 million across 2017 and 2018. On completion we will have more scalable resilient platforms optimised to support future growth. 18 STRATEGIC REPORT Arrow Global Group PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW CONTINUED Our people We have continued to grow welcoming new colleagues during the year. At the Group executive level our Group chief financial officer Rob Memmott decided to step down following nearly seven years of excellent service. I would like to thank Rob for his huge contribution to the growth of the Company and wish him the very best for the future. We announced in October last year that Paul Cooper would be joining us as Group chief financial officer in January 2018 and I look forward to working closely with Paul as we continue to steer the business along a strong growth trajectory in the coming years. The way in which the business develops and operates will be key to its success and we welcomed Clodagh Gunnigle as our new Group chief risk officer earlier in the year. Clodagh has significant experience driving risk strategy at large financial companies and will play a pivotal role in ensuring that Arrow continues to grow prudently.