With both divisions performing well higher operating margins and a robust balance sheet the Group is well positioned for the future. Strategic progress We have a clear corporate strategy which we have executed against in a disciplined way since the 2011 financial year to focus on growing Speciality Food Ingredients supported by steady earnings from Bulk Ingredients. During the year we continued to make good progress against this strategy. Consumers across the world are increasingly looking for healthier nutrition particularly given the rising incidence of obesity and diabetes worldwide. Our Speciality Food Ingredients business is wellplaced to help our customers meet these demands as our ingredients help to reduce sugar calories and fat and also to add fibre in consumer products. We are steadily bringing new products to market to address these consumer trends both through inhouse innovation and by establishing strategic partnerships. During the year we expanded our range of texturants with the launch of CLARIA Bliss a cleanlabel starch which provides great taste and texture to products such as dairy desserts and chilled ready meals. We also developed our sweetener range with a new crystalline version of DOLCIA PRIMA Allulose a rare sugar with a similar taste and texture to sucrose but only a very small fraction of the calories. Overall we invested 37 million in research and development in the year an increase of 8 million part of which was driven by foreign currency translation. In March 2017 we announced an exclusive partnership with Sweet Green Fields one of the largest fully integrated global stevia players to distribute their innovative stevia ingredients and bring their leading steviabased sweetening solutions to our customers worldwide. Early customer interest in our expanded stevia offering has been encouraging. We continue to see strong growth in emerging markets. During the year we increased our applications and technical service resources in Latin America and Asia Pacific and our sales and applications resources in the Middle East. Our vision and strategy Our vision is to become a leading global provider of speciality food ingredients and solutions. Our strategy is to deliver this vision through A disciplined focus on growing our Speciality Food Ingredients business deeper customer engagement continuous innovation stronger positions in highergrowth markets Driving Bulk Ingredients for sustained cash generation to fuel this growth. Bulk Ingredients High volume ingredients which are largely undifferentiated and compete primarily on price Marketplace The markets we operate in Speciality Food Ingredients Ingredients and solutions which add specific functionality and value to customers products Size c.US51bn 1 Annual growth c.45 2 of Bulk Ingredients profit from North America 90 The global market for speciality food ingredients is large and growing. Bulk Ingredients primarily serves the North American market. We focus on three areas of this market. Sweeteners Products include high intensity sweeteners e.g. SPLENDA Sucralose and speciality sweeteners e.g. KRYSTAR Crystalline Fructose DOLCIA PRIMA Allulose. Texturants Products include cornbased starches e.g. REZISTA cleanlabel starches e.g. CLARIA and our range of stabiliser systems. Health and wellness Products include dietary fibres e.g. PROMITOR Soluble Fibre PromOat Beta Glucan STALITE Polydextrose and oat protein. 1 IHS 2014 Speciality Chemicals update Program Food Additives Leatherhead 2014 The Global Food Additives Market and other sources. 2 Leatherhead LMC International Company analysis data as at 2013 five year CAGR 20092013. Driving efficient operations We manage Bulk Ingredients for steady earnings. In the mature markets this division operates in we aim to deliver this by optimising product mix and margins maintaining capital expenditure discipline continuously driving productivity and efficiency maintaining a mix of tolling and nontolling contracts reducing exposure to commodity markets where we can by dampening volatility by using conservative hedging strategies actively managing coproduct sales and investing in the corn elevator storage network to secure raw material supply. 16 Tate Lyle PLC Annual Report 2017 Main product lines Bulk Ingredients main product lines largely serve mature and consolidated markets. Bulk sweeteners Bulk sweeteners provide sweetness and mouthfeel to regular carbonated soft drinks confectionery and other foods and drinks. Industrial starches Industrial starches strengthen and improve the surface conditions of paper and cardboard and are also used in adhesives for building products. Acidulants Acidulants are used mainly to enhance flavour and preserve foods beverages and pharmaceuticals. Commodities Commodities include coproducts such as corn gluten meal and corn gluten feed sold mainly as animal feed and corn oil. We also produce some ethanol at our Loudon Tennessee facility as a means of optimising the production balance and efficiency. Key market factors Industry capacity utilisation Our bulk ingredients are produced mainly at four large corn wet mills in the US and two smaller mills in Europe. Supplydemand balance is a key driver of profitability in the US corn wet milling industry and the industry was well balanced in the year. Corn market The US corn wet milling industry processes around 10 of the US corn crop. Recent harvests have been strong with corn inventory high and prices relatively low and stable. Corn is largely a passthrough cost. Carbonated soft drinks Demand in the US for regular carbonated soft drinks the main endmarket for our bulk sweeteners declined by 0.7 1 in the year. Redeploying capacity We seek to manage the longterm gradual decline in demand for our bulk ingredients by steadily redeploying primary capacity in our corn wet mills to support growth in Speciality Food Ingredients. Global consumer trends The market for speciality food ingredients is being driven by a number of global consumer trends. Healthier With obesity and diabetes on the rise worldwide consumers are looking to reduce calories sugar and fat while also adding beneficial ingredients to food and drink such as fibre and protein. Cleanlabel Consumers want to understand the ingredients on food and drink labels. Increasingly they are choosing products with labels with ingredients that they feel are less processed or they perceive to be simpler or natural.