This has enhanced our capabilities and technologies leaving us well positioned to capitalise on consumer trends. We have been successful in reducing costs. We have delivered our 750 million cost efficiency programme three years early. We have also set out plans for further significant cost reductions totalling an additional 500 million a year by 2020 which will release more savings to support our aim of becoming the most efficient price setter for our chosen propositions and brands. We have reduced our net debt to less than 2.6 billion in the lower half of our target end 2017 band and our credit metrics are at levels currently required for the strong investment grade credit ratings that we aim for. As we look forward to 201820 although we have still got some portfolio development to complete the focus is on performance delivery and financial discipline. In performance terms it is about growing gross margin through our customer relationships and driving the next phase of cost efficiency. We will also be focusing on improving organisational effectiveness and securing the capabilities we need in 2020 and beyond. We must do all of this while continuing to deliver improvements in safety compliance and conduct and in operational excellence across the Company starting with customer service. 8 Centrica plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Group Chief Executives Statement Key events in 2017 April Hive thermostat introduced in US and subscription model launched in UK Read more on Page 20 22 February British Gas unveils Rewards its major new loyalty programme Read more on Pages 19 and 41 09 June Centrica agrees the sale of its Canadian EP business 2017 08 February Centrica announces global Consumer and Business divisions 20 February Centrica launches new innovations venture Centrica Innovations Read more on Page 15 13 January Centrica announces sale of its remaining wind farm joint venture Read more on Page 45 We will be targeting delivery on average of 2.12.3 billion of adjusted operating cash flow per annum. We believe this is deliverable even taking into account a potential price cap for the reasons outlined earlier. But there remains a risk that a particularly severe cap impact in the first year may put this target at risk for 2019. As we continue to focus on financial discipline we will be limiting capex to no more than 1.2 billion per annum and targeting to maintain net debt within a 2.253.25 billion range. Despite current pressures we expect to continue to be able to balance sources and uses of cash in 2018 without materially affecting our ability to invest in the business and deliver on all aspects of our financial framework. In terms of the dividend we have indicated since 2015 that it would be linked to operating cash flow and we expect to maintain the current level of the dividend over the period 201820 subject to meeting our adjusted operating cash flow and net debt targets. We believe we can manage within both these constraints under most scenarios based on our current projections but clearly there are always risks associated with extremes of commodity price movements and regulatory interventions. We would intend to restore a progressive dividend only when in addition to the criteria already mentioned underlying cash flow growth capability is demonstrated. The transformation of Centrica is also about the values which guide us as we go about our daily business. In 2017 we launched a new set of Groupwide values our Values of Care Collaboration Courage Delivery and Agility and in January this year we launched Our Code which replaces the Business Principles and other codes of conduct within the Group. We wanted a clear unified statement of the most important principles and expectations which apply to all of us. In essence our Values and Our Code embody what we stand for. We hope that they will help all of us at Centrica make the right decisions. The transition we are making has not been easy for our team. Our people have faced and will continue to face a number of new challenges. But they have shown extraordinary resilience passion commitment and talent and I would like to thank each of them for all their contributions over the past year. The first phase of our strategic repositioning is complete. We have strengthened the balance sheet paid down debt matched our sources and uses of cash and refocused resources and capability towards the customer. But we are only halfway through a sixyear repositioning and we must stay the course. The next phase to 2020 is all about performance delivery and financial discipline as we marry customerled gross margin growth with continuing to drive material levels of cost efficiency while maintaining capital discipline and a strong balance sheet. It is this combination our track record to date and an excellent and committed team which give us confidence to pursue our mediumterm goals of delivering growth and returns through satisfying the changing needs of our customers deal with the uncertainties posed by any default tariff cap in the UK and indicate a stable dividend outlook within defined boundary conditions. It is undeniable that at present Centrica faces a higher level of external uncertainty. It is therefore imperative that we focus on the things we can control to underpin our performance. This is how we will rebuild shareholder value and confidence and I am determined to demonstrate this through our actions one step at a time.