Outlook While still relatively early in 2018 we are encouraged by the continued progress of the Group. TI Fluid Systems has a strong track record of delivering sustained growth strong profitability and cash flow generation. As the megatrend of hybrid electric vehicle HEV and electric vehicle EV growth begins to accelerate we expect success addressing those markets with our existing and new product offerings. Global markets continue to be strong and the Board is confident about our prospects for continued success in 2018 and beyond. Manfred Wennemer Chairman Manfred Wennemer Chairman Welcome to TI Fluid Systems plc a historic year. For more information about our governance go to page 32 10 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairmans statement For more information about our company go to www.tiautomotive.com 1929 Bundy introduces Bundyweld tube a double walled steel tube using brazed copper rather than solder to join the tubing seams 19301987 Bundy expands its fuel and brake line business including through various joint ventures in Europe and Asia 1987 TI Group plc acquired Armco International Corporations European tubing business in France and the UK 1988 TI Group plc acquires the Bundy Corporation USA 1991 TI Group plc acquires Huron Products Industries Inc USA manufacturer of fuel lines and quick connectors 1996 TI Group plc acquires Technoflow Tube Systems GmbH Germany manufacturer of plastic extruded multi layer fuel lines 1998 TI Group plc acquires SH Fabrication Engineering Inc USA manufacturer of air conditioning tube and hose assemblies 1999 TI Group plc acquires Walbro Engine Management LLC USA manufacturer of plastic fuel tanks fuel pumps and modules 1999 TI Group plc acquires Marwal Systems SAS France manufacturer of fuel pumps and modules 2000 TI Group plc and Smiths Industries plc merged to form Smiths Group plc 2001 Demerger results in TI Automotive Limited acquiring the automotive business of Smiths Group Our history TI Fluid Systems plc traces its heritage back to the Bundy Corporation which was founded as Harry Bundy Company in Detroit Michigan in 1922 and supplied fuel lines for the Ford Model T. 2002 TI Automotive acquires the fuel pump operations of Pierburg GmbH Germany 2003 TI Automotive acquires a 73 interest in Hanil Tube Co. Limited Korea a manufacturer of brake and fuel line products 2008 William Bill L. Kozyra appointed President and Chief Executive Officer. Timothy Knutson Chief Financial Officer joined the Group 2009 TI Automotive awarded an Automotive News PACE Award for its partial zero emissions Ship in a Bottle manufacturing method for plastic fuel tanks 2010 TI Automotive awarded an Automotive News PACE Award for its Dual Channel Single Stage Pump Technology 2014 TI Automotive awarded an Automotive News PACE Award for its Tank Advanced Process Technology for double moulded plastic fuel tanks 2015 TI Automotive acquired by Bain Capital 2017 TI Automotive awarded an Automotive News PACE Award for its innovative Port Fuel Direct Injection System in collaboration with Ford and Bosch Global Offer and Listing of TI Fluid Systems plc on the London Stock Exchange Glycol coolant lines and quick connectors Used for glycol liquid transfer for the thermal management of vehicle interior cabin heating HEVEV battery power electronic and motors Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Shareholder information 11 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TI Fluid Systems plc delivered strong performance in 2017 As this is our first Annual Report as a public company I am delighted to welcome you as a shareholder. As set out at the time of the IPO in October 2017 we have delivered another year of strong business performance in line with expectations. This reiterates the attractiveness of the markets we operate in and our position as a leading global Tier 1 automotive supplier of fluid handling systems. TI Fluid Systems plc delivered strong performance in 2017. Glycol coolant lines and quick connectors Used for glycol liquid transfer for the thermal management of vehicle interior cabin heating HEVEV battery power electronic and motors 12 TI Fluid Systems plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executive Officers statement 2017 Performance Global light vehicle production has a significant influence on our financial performance. In 2017 global light vehicle production volume increased in all markets except North America and reached 95.1 million vehicles representing an increase of 2.1 compared to the same period the prior year. We continued to deliver revenue growth above global light vehicle production growth with solid profitability and cash flow generation. We generated revenue of 3491 million 5.4 at constant currency Adjusted EBIT of 384 million 11.0 margin and Adjusted Free Cash Flow of 119 million. We have continued to grow revenue in excess of global light vehicle production growth as a result of being a global market and technology leader in highly engineered automotive fluid systems our strong customer relationships and our global low cost manufacturing footprint including our wholly owned operations in China. We are well positioned with our products and process capabilities to benefit from the continuing demand for light vehicles and the megatrend of electrification. Strategy update The Groups strategy of organic revenue growth financial performance and focus on megatrends remains at the core of the business. Continue with the Groups market position strengths in key products We continue to be the 1 supplier of brake and fuel lines in all key regions globally and 3 supplier of plastic fuel tanks. Our customer and product focus has served to develop our strong market positions. Together with our established global manufacturing footprint and level of vertical integration we have achieved expansion by securing new business awards including on global vehicle platforms. This success is carrying through to our thermal management products systems and plastic pressurised tank modules where we are strongly positioned for the HEV EV and autonomous vehicle growth trends.