For 30 years the core elements of Synectics purpose and values have been value to customers and innovation. I believe these will remain the foundation for a sustainable and prosperous future for the Company. David Coghlan Chairman 05 Synectics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Introduction People I would like once again to pass on the Boards sincere thanks to Synectics employees at all levels. This is an organisation with a culture of high expectations for commitment and performance especially in delivering on our promises to customers. As such the pressures on employees are often considerable and are consistently borne with fortitude and good humour. We recognise and are deeply grateful for their continuing contributions to the business. Our annual employee opinion survey last summer demonstrated high and upwardtrending results across most areas of the business. This reflected substantial efforts by management to increase communication and engagement throughout the Group. This effort which is strongly supported by the Board will continue. Strategy Synectics strategy remains to create leadership positions within specialised sectors of the electronic security and surveillance industry through the combination of expert sectorspecific market knowledge and where appropriate our own proprietary technologies. These proprietary technologies are based on open systems and built around Synectics core command and control integration software they are developed specifically for our chosen specialist market sectors and provide fundamental differentiation from the offerings of mainstream suppliers in the wider electronic security market. As the volume of digital data generated by highend videocentric security systems continues to grow exponentially the complexity of extracting meaningful and actionable intelligence from that data is opening up many opportunities for innovation. Throughout its 30year history Synectics has consistently demonstrated the combination of deep technical capability and practical expertisebased sales approach needed to benefit from such opportunities. This is essentially an entrepreneurial skill. A core element of our strategy is to ensure that the business keeps building the culture and processes necessary to maintain that entrepreneurial essence at larger scale as we continue to grow. Outlook The 2018 financial year has begun in line with the Boards expectations. The year will be marked by a number of positive and shortterm negative countercurrents in our largest market sectors and also by clear opportunities to invest organically in solidifying Synectics position as a market leader in specialist highend surveillance. The Integration Managed Services division continues to perform well and we expect further growth in profits this year. Within the larger Systems division Synectics revenue and profit trends over the remainder of this year are likely to be different in our three major enduser segments The gaming sector which has performed exceptionally well in the last two years and where Synectics continues to gain market share will see a respite in major new resort developments coming on stream in the Far East and a likely slowdown in surveillance upgrade programmes in the United States. Despite entering the current financial year with an order book and qualified pipeline of new business 50 higher than at the same time last year we anticipate at this stage that the profit contribution from the sector in 201718 although still strong is likely to be lower than last years. The global oil gas surveillance sector should continue to generate a stable positive contribution to profits in the current year. There is evidence of a recent pickup in market activity and Synectics is well placed to benefit as soon as new projects come on line. However the normal gestation period of upstream oil gas projects means that the upturn in our revenues in that sector should not be expected before 2019. Following further investment in sales resources revenues from the transport infrastructure sector outside the UK bus market are expected to grow at an increased rate in 201718. Finally after close evaluation the Board has authorised an increase of approximately 500000 in this years research development expense to accelerate Synectics development of our core software product base. We see an opportunity to provide sophisticated end users with real improvements in the capability breadth and costeffectiveness of their security systems. With its established customer base and trusted reputation for successful technical innovation Synectics is ideally positioned to benefit from the increasing pace of developments in the wider information technology sphere which we believe can now be profitably applied to our markets. Although this increased research development is in one sense discretionary expenditure the Boards judgement is that the longterm interests of the Company will best be served by ensuring that we invest sufficient resources now to capitalise fully on the capabilities and market positions that Synectics has successfully established and built over recent years. Taken together the above factors lead the Board to conclude that the Groups consolidated underlying profit before tax in our 2018 financial year is most likely to be broadly flat compared to last year as the impact of growth in underlying current business is offset by increased investment in strengthening our position for the future. We believe that Synectics continues to make good progress towards its objectives. The improvements made to management and operational structures over the past couple of years are working well the Group is starting to behave much more like a single focussed business and there is an apparent growing sense of confidence in most parts of our operations. The Board has recently reviewed the Groups latest mediumterm plans. It remains our belief that given normal economic conditions Synectics is capable within its current business base of achieving its targets of significant revenue growth from current levels and an operating profit margin of 810. David Coghlan Chairman 20 February 2018 1. Underlying profit before tax represents profit before tax and nonunderlying items which comprise restructuring costs and amortisation of acquired intangibles. 2. Using average exchange rates for the year ended 30 November 2016.