6 Conviviality Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Chief Executive Officers statement When Conviviality floated on AIM in July 2013 the business was an alcohol impulse and tobacco wholesaler serving the UKs largest Franchise offlicence and convenience brand Bargain Booze with 616 stores and a turnover of 372m. During the past four years we have systematically pursued the strategy of taking the core competence of the business the wholesaling of alcohol and extending Convivialitys reach to more consumers across the UK drinks market whenever and wherever they wish to enjoy our products. We have fundamentally restructured and reconfigured the Group building on our unique strength expertise and reach in the UK drinks market. We now have the infrastructure and capability within the Group to drive further potential in both the On Trade and the Off Trade markets working with our existing suppliers providing customers with more opportunities to drive profitable growth. Conviviality is unique in our sector. We provide our customers with access to over 14000 alcohol SKUs and 6400 impulse food and tobacco SKUs. We serve c.25000 outlets in the On Trade over 700 retail stores trading under the retail propositions of Bargain Booze Select Convenience and Wine Rack over 400 independent specialists and we are supplier to the larger multiples. A key part of our strategy is to deliver a logistics capability that anticipates the future needs of our customers and creates significant differentiation in the market thereby adding significant value to the organisation. As the retail environment becomes more complex we can leverage Convivialitys expertise in the alcohol and impulse markets to provide our valued customers with the solutions they need from distribution to buying ranging and merchandising and marketing. As a result of this scale and reach we have unparalleled market access insight and capabilities to support our suppliers in the development of their brands and to help our customers differentiate from their competition by tailoring their offering to meet their target consumer needs by location venue and format. Conviviality is independent of any major drinks brands and therefore is able to supply an unrestricted selection of products and provide expertise in key categories to customers who value breadth of range whilst offering a compelling route to market for suppliers to access both the On Trade and Off Trade retailers. It is this scale and reach that has created even stronger ties with our supplier partners. Increasingly our suppliers are engaging with the full capability of Conviviality from building their brands with our brand agency Catalyst PLB accessing consumers with Elastic and Peppermint in events and experiential marketing to more effective targeting in the On Trade utilising our data and insight through to Off Trade execution in our Franchise retail business. A recent example was the exclusive On Trade launch of Bud Light for AB InBev across the Conviviality Group. Diana Hunter Chief Executive Officer Conviviality Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 7 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements This past year has been a transformational year for the service we offer. We will continue to grow by keeping our people our customers Franchisees and suppliers at the heart of everything we do. The successful integration of the three businesses working as a cohesive unit and the management teams performance continues to deliver consistent results. The new internal structure grouped individual brands and businesses together under three distinct Business Units Conviviality Direct wholesaling distributor to On Trade led by Mark Aylwin Conviviality Retail for Off Trade consumer businesses Bargain Booze Select Convenience and Wine Rack led by David Robinson and Conviviality Trading an innovative and dynamic approach to sourcing ranging brand building merchandising activation and events led by James Lousada. Each of the business unit Managing Directors ensures their operation has the best people in the right place to deliver excellent service to customers and drive collaborations and savings across the Group. The business units are supported by the expertise of the Group functions of Logistics Finance Legal IT and Human Resources. This past year has therefore been a transformational year for the service we offer creating a range of benefits for customers. It is the nature of the On Trade and Off Trade market that our customers are constantly looking for the same thing as their own consumers great value new and innovative products breadth of choice and excellent service. Critically we continue to strive to ensure that our customers see our people regularly whether they are a one site restauranteur hotelier or a large national account or a Franchisee so that our customers may enjoy the relationships and service support they value from us. All of our businesses were initiated and built on personal relationships. These relationships remain at the heart of how we will continue to do business. Bibendums first ever On Trade customer was Michelinstarred Odettes in Primrose Hill and it continues to be a valued customer over 30 years on. Matthew Clark has been a partner to JD Wetherspoons for over 20 years and a distributor of Martell for 198 years. In our Franchise business we have 133 Franchisees who have worked with the group for over 10 years. Our On Trade Off Trade and franchised customers still expect and still get an outstanding portfolio of products that they can tailor to their own customers tastes and needs as well as the support they value to help them develop their own business moving forward. For each of them business and growth opportunities can come from a number of sources.