Following a diligent process the Board remains optimistic of a sale of the business to a home where a greater synergy can be achieved and will keep this plan under review. DIVIDEND The Board will not declare a dividend at this time but looks forward to restoring a dividend in the medium term. PEOPLE We would like to thank the wider team across Parity for all their hard work and commitment in helping the management team drive the business forward. It is a testament to this hard work that we have been able to make such strong progress with our strategy and achieve such a robust performance despite considerable change. BOARD As rst announced on 23 March 2017 I joined the Board as Group NonExecutive Chairman on 27 April 2017 replacing Lord Freeman. CURRENT TRADING AND OUTLOOK Trading in the current nancial year remains in line with expectations and the Board remains condent in the outlook and continues to target investment to support strategic progress. We believe our continued drive to rebalance revenues towards the higher margin consulting arm of the business positions us well to deliver both growth and further improvements in protability in 2018 and beyond. John Conoley NonEx ecutiv e C hairman 9 April 2018 249360 Parity Grouppp01pp13.qxp 26042018 1210 Page 4 About Parity 5 Strategic Report Governance Accounts notes and other information Parity Group enables people led technology driven change Parity drives digital transformation through consultancy technology and people solutions. It helps customers transform the way they deliver their services to improve speed eciency and eectiveness. Its distinctive integrated oering combines The consulting business which has secured large ongoing contracts at higher margins which we have now focussed on dynamic high growth services The recruitment business which provides access to highcalibre and hardtond expertise direct to clients and for Parity managed projects Parity Consultancy Services Helping clients to make the best use of technology to inform better decision making This division is focused on successful project delivery driven by senior industryexperienced consultants. They guide development of data strategy and deliver data solutions which generate competitive advantage by closing the gap between information and insight enabling more eective decision making. Parity Professionals Helping clients to recruit the best people to deliver real benet to your business This division provides targeted recruitment of temporary and permanent professionals to support IT and business change programmes. They ensure clients have both the capacity and capability to transform organisational performance in high growth and rapidly evolving markets. Group By aligning both divisions Parity provides an attractive combination of trusted consultancy advice with access to the best delivery expertise. When necessary we supplement our industry and technology specialists with access to the broader contractor market through Parity Professionals. As a clientcentric organisation this enables us to full their needs through a broad range of services ensuring Parity remains innovative exible and very scalable. The model is now proven and we look forward to accelerating it during 2018 and 2019. www.parity.net www.parityprofessionals.co.uk www.parityconsultancyservices.co.uk 249360 Parity Grouppp01pp13.qxp 26042018 1210 Page 5 CEO Statement 6 Parity Group plc www.parity.net Report and Accounts 2017 stock code PTY Alan Rommel Chief Executive Ocer Introduction I am delighted by the continuing improvement in the Groups performance as shown by ve consecutive halves of improving comparative metrics all achieved through selffunded growth. I would like to thank all my colleagues at Parity for their continued support in delivering this positive run of results. We have plenty still to do to build on our strategic improvement of the business and we would like to thank our shareholders who have been both patient and supportive during our journey to this point. Our focus in 2018 is on demonstrating that the consulting arm working in tandem with the recruitment division can deliver sustained growth and protability improvements to the benet of our shareholders. We aim to grow Group revenues with further focus on the development of the consultancy business driving margins and to manage that growth with continued strong cost management. Our lead oering in support of our consulting proposition is Data Management the provision of datadriven insight with which we have already demonstrated success with BAT MoD and in the Education and Utilities sectors. We believe this is an attractive area to focus on due to strong market growth rates and the impact of an increase in demand for relatively scarce IT and digital specialist skills across the broader market. The benets of having an aligned recruitment business in Parity Professionals specialising in the sourcing of these niche skills has been demonstrated by the signicant increase in collaboration and intercompany trading. The Sector Parity as a Group is addressing the needs of a large high demand and growing market. In early 2018 Mavenlink published a report in conjunction with Research Now detailing the results of a survey of 576 executives Director and above from servicecentric companies in North America Europe and AsiaPacic. 65 of these executives stated that they had had to turn down work in the last 12 months 82 said they did not have enough resources 18 said they did not have the right skill set and 50 said contractorsfreelancerssubcontractors were very important to delivery and a further 31 said they were critical to delivery. With regards to the market for Consultancy Services data oering more specically research by Gartner in 2017 forecast that the global Business Intelligence BI and Analytics market would grow from 18bn to 23bn by 2020. Gartner estimated that the global Master Data Management MDM market was worth between 35bn in 2016. Furthermore the MDM market is expected to experience signicant growth with MarketsandMarkets forecasting a compound annual growth rate of 23.3 to 2020. In addition market reports indicate that there continues to be a shortage of people with the necessary digital skills to meet the demands of the market.