Our performance underpins our condence that we can continue to grow revenue EBITDA earnings per share and dividends over the coming year and accelerate the strategic transformation of the business. Sir Christopher Bland Chairman 17 May 2006 Our results for the 2006 nancial year were excellent. Earnings per share before specic items grew by 8 to 19.5 pence. We continued to invest signicantly in technologies and systems designed to transform our customers experience at the same time as generating free cash ow of 1.6 billion. CHAIRMANS MESSAGE Chairmans message BT Group plc Annual Report and Form 20F 2006 3 Filename 82456001.3d Time 143247 Date 200506 Checksum 1161971776 HELPING CUSTOMERS THRIVE IN A CHANGING WORLD We enjoy the fantastic privilege of serving around 20 million customers in 170 countries around the world. Their needs and expectations are constantly changing so too is the market in which we operate and the technology at our disposal. Thats why an ability to embrace and thrive on change developing new products and services new ways of working and new ways of interacting with our customers is essential to what we do at BT. When so much is changing companies have to be crystal clear about what they stand for. BT has a strong and trusted brand widely recognised around the world by shareholders customers suppliers and employees. The brand captures the essence of BT and tells existing and new customers what they can expect from us. We have summed this up in a new vision and mission. Our vision is to be dedicated to helping customers thrive in a changing world. And theres not a wasted word in there. Dedication to our customers is what will differentiate us in an intensely competitive environment. Helping these customers to thrive means enabling them to do the things they want to do when they want to do them and at the right price. It means helping them to recognise that a changing world is a world of opportunity and new experiences. And it means helping them to seize those opportunities. Our mission is to be the leader in delivering converged networked services. Thats the yardstick by which well measure our success. Convergence is at the heart of everything we do for customers. We believe that this combination of absolute commitment to understanding our customers and to exploring the possibilities of convergence blurring the distinctions between networks and services IT and communications xed and mobile telecommunications and visual services is extremely powerful. Of course customers are not interested in vision and mission statements. What they are interested in however are services that get the job done and that are hasslefree. THE RIGHT REGULATORY CLIMATE We operate in a regulated industry and the right regulatory climate is also essential if our customers are to thrive. The regulatory climate is not however just something that happens to us we are helping to shape regulatory thinking. In response to Ofcoms strategic review of telecommunications in the UK we proposed a series of Undertakings which we believe will result in a fair and exible regulatory regime deregulation where possible and the growth of competition through equivalence. Above all they bring greater regulatory certainty. These Undertakings which Ofcom accepted are in our view fundamental to meeting customers needs and to enabling us and other service providers to invest in the future with condence. A big part of meeting these Undertakings was the creation of Openreach. This line of business manages our access and backhaul networks and the associated portfolio of products and services. We have established an Equality of Access Board with a majority of independent members to oversee compliance. Service providers are beneting from lower prices for both connection and rental thanks to the success of products such as wholesale line rental and local loop unbundling. BT is committed to meeting its obligations and we have made good progress so far though much remains to be done. OUR STRATEGY Like our brand our strategy for protable growth and transformation is subject to continuous review. There are four parts to our strategy s to pursue protable growth in new wave markets s to maximise the return from our traditional business s to transform our networks systems and services for the twentyrst century s to create longterm partnerships with our customers. NEW WAVE GROWTH Around one third of BTs revenue in the 2006 nancial year was from new wave activities thats up from effectively nothing a few years ago. By new wave activities we mean networked IT services broadband and mobility. In short order BT has established itself as a key player in the global networked IT services market with a strong track record of winning and delivering big complex contracts for large corporations and other organisations. Major wins such as the contract with Fiat in Italy and the revised agreement with the Department for Work and Pensions in the UK conrmed our credentials. The total value of our networked IT services order intake in the year was 5.4 billion. Having hit our target of ve million broadband lines in April 2005 a year ahead of schedule weve boosted that number by more than 50 in the past nancial year. For the majority of customers access to broadband is now a given. But broadband is more than just another technology it enables broader richer more compelling experiences. Our focus is increasingly on what customers can do with it. We are delivering speeds of up to 8Mbits and launching innovative consumer broadband products and services. One of these BT Vision scheduled for launch in the autumn is broadband TV and will bring a new dimension to home entertainment as customers choose from a huge range of ondemand lm music and TV programming as well as interactive services. BT is a mobile virtual network operator in both the business and consumer markets with more than 340000 connections.