The Board are committed to ensuring cash is available to fund the growth strategy and maintaining a strong balance sheet. In line with this the Board has decided that no dividend payment will be made at this time Richard Rose Chairman 25 April 2017 T otal sales 44.2m Sales growth full year 2016201 7 19 Trading performance highlights Crawshaw Group Plc Annual Report 52 weeks ended 29 January 201 7 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 03 Crawshaw Group Plc Annual Report 52 weeks ended 29 January 201 7 04 Chief Executive Officers Review Our managers and butchers continue to be the ambassadors of putting their customers at the heart of our local strategy Performance and operational review Whilst we made considerable progress in the year with the store rollout programme by adding a further 11 new stores to the estate we have been very disappointed by the likeforlike sales performance as some of the price and range initiatives didnt resonate with customers as we had expected. In preparing the core business to be ready for accelerated expansion and creating the store rollout blue print we made a number of changes to standardise the new store concept on range price point how the stores were operated and how the stores looked. These principles worked well for our new stores but when retrospectively introduced into our established stores we learned it was too much change for our customers and colleagues. This was reflected in the shape of our sales performance during June and July at the end of H1. As a result we prioritised our focus in the second half of the year to listening to colleagues and customers and the feedback from them was relatively straightforward. Our customers wanted to see some of the old fresh meat pack sizes price points and offers that were previously on sale in their specific store. This feedback was positioned at the heart of our sales recovery programme and helped shape the refinements we set about achieving to provide our managers with the necessary freedom within a framework plan to win back their local customers. T o ensure that all areas of our business were completely focused on delivering the sales recovery programme effectively it was important to temporarily pause the store rollout programme and provide full support to our store colleagues. During the implementation of our freedom within a framework plan we reviewed our head office organisation structure and removed a number of roles. The changes were implemented responsibly giving us the central support structure for the year ahead. Having successfully landed our major change agenda we now believe we have the right operational balance between the disciplined framework required as a platform for rollout with enough freedom for store managers to react to local customer requirements. This positive progress has also been reflected in the shape and momentum build of our sales performance in the lead up to and through the key festive trading period at the end of H2. In summary we have seen a direct correlation between the initiatives introduced in the summer and the timing of the steady and continuous improvement in likeforlike sales. As previously communicated this improvement in both sales and customer number momentum has required a moderate level of margin investment. With the improvement continuing through the festive trading period we were pleased to be cash generative again by the end of the year in line with our expectations. Group Revenue For the 52 weeks to 29 January 2017 Group revenue increased by 19 from 37.1m to 44.2m. This growth was supported by contributions from our 11 new stores in the year. LFL sales were 7.3 for the full year with H1 likeforlike sales being 4.4 and H2 likefor like sales being 10.1. These numbers reflect the shape of the key challenging period we experienced during June and October 2016 and as outlined in this review. Group sales in the first 10 weeks of the new financial year increased by 9 and likeforlike sales were 4.6 for the same period. Strategic focus We have continued to build on our strategic plan of providing safe good quality fresh meat for the value conscious consumer which has been reinforced through the customer proposition in the last 6 months. The customer numbers and feedback confirm that we are back on track and will therefore continue with this journey and approach. Fresh meat Our managers and butchers continue to be the ambassadors of putting their customers at the heart of our local strategy and this is reinforced with their local level freedom to delight their customers through the fresh meat offer. Our stores continue to develop local products specific to their community provide local special offers as demonstrated with our successful Christmas Hampers and the planned new BBQ packs for the warmer months ahead. We are maintaining the number and depth of priceled promotions which also rotate at the managers discretion. Furthermore we have recently introduced a new store trial of a 4.99 value pack under the umbrella of once it s gone it s gone concept consisting of great value fresh meat packs with value cutthrough in POS labelling. The customer s reaction to this treasuretrove concept has been extremely positive. With our production and distribution capability now set up to service up to c.100 stores we continue to develop our awardwinning quality homemade produce and broaden the range of burgers sausages meatballs kebabs grill sticks and mince in time for the springsummer. In addition with this new capability in mind we are looking to leverage the spare capacity through expanding our wholesale operations. T o date we have taken on the supply of a local 3strong chain of local steakhouse restaurants and will consider the opportunities of similar scale relationships. This allows us to pick up business which better utilises the fixed assets weve already invested in without compromising our ability to serve our stores and customers.