FEBRUARY Raised up to 10.8 million helping us accelerate our strategic plans to create significant shareholder value by growing revenue five times within five years. Brad Selman VP Global Sales and Marketing appointed. MARCH Granted divisional patent coverage for pericardium from the Australian Patent Office. Patent coverage has also been established in the US and New Zealand. Chris Wattengel VP Global Research and Development appointed. APRIL Signed agreement to develop and manufacture Smart Matrix an advanced wound care scaffold. Weve also delivered nine new agreements in the year. Operations Sales officelogistics UK European regional headquarters RD clean room manufacturing and distribution GLASGOW SCOTLAND South Korea Asia Pacific commercial office SEOUL New Zealand Asia Pacific regional headquarters RD clean room manufacturing and distribution MARTON US Global commercial headquarters RD and distribution MINNEAPOLIS MN Australia Logistics SYDNEY STRATEGIC REPORT 3 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT Our products COLLAGEN FORMULATIONS FOR PRECISE REQUIREMENTS We use natural collagen proteins and tissue to engineer regenerative biomaterials and medical devices. MEDICALGRADE COLLAGEN Collagen is a primary structural protein in tissues and provides a conducive environment for cells. Standard and custom formulations. Examples of uses tissue engineering scaffolds medical device components and research assays. PERICARDIUM AND OTHER TISSUES Natural and semiprocessed tissues with ideal physical and biological properties for medical devices. Pericardium examples of uses heart valves and dental membranes. Additional sourcing of vessels tendons dermis and bone. Pericardium Collagen fibres Collagen fibrils Collagen molecules triple helices Amino acid chains 4 Collagen Solutions plc Annual report and accounts 2017 CARTILAGE REPAIR The patentprotected ChondroMimetic Osteochondral Scaffold developed in partnership with the University of Cambridge and MIT is designed for minimally invasive treatment of cartilage defects addressing a potential market of over 450000 procedures per year 500 million1 billion. Promotes hyaline cartilage and subchondral bone repair leading to restoration of joint function Study in process to demonstrate results of seven to eight years in patients Launch expected following CE mark and partner selection WOUND TREATMENT An internally developed novel collagen matrix with the potential to address multiple markets in wound care and burns potentially addressing approximately 40 of a 1 billion market. Excellent handling properties formulated to fill uneven wound sites with intact fibrillar collagen matrix Designed to address partial and fullthickness wounds diabetic foot ulcers tunnelling wounds burns and other complex wounds Currently under development both US and European markets targeted following regulatory approvals BONE REGENERATION A collagenceramic synthetic bone graft substitute with novel properties covered by a recent provisional patent application that addresses approximately 30 of a 1.7 billion orthopaedic bone graft market. Formulated with superior handling properties and inorganic particle retention to enhance ease of use for the surgeon and ensure that the graft remains at the operative site Platform technology with multiple potential applications in spinal fusion orthopaedic trauma reconstructive surgery and dental procedures Currently under development first indications for US and European markets targeted following regulatory approvals OUR PROPRIETARY PRODUCT PIPELINE OF FINISHED MEDICAL DEVICES The Company is developing several proprietary products it intends to commercialise through outlicensing to distribution partners. STRATEGIC REPORT 5 Annual report and accounts 2017 Collagen Solutions plc STRATEGIC REPORT Our business model Our core products include medicalgrade collagen the primary protein in those tissues that provides a supportive environment for the cells and processed native tissues such as pericardium a uniquely strong tissue that surrounds the heart and medicalgrade collagen formulations. We supply these as standard raw materials as well as in custom formulations that are used for the spectrum of basic research to regenerative medicine therapies and medical devices. In addition we have several proprietary products in development based on our IP and knowhow for cartilage regeneration wound healing and bone grafting that we plan to outlicense to distribution partners. Example collagenbased medical devices We enable creation of regenerative medicine technologies through our extensive experience in biomaterials. Collaborative approach Our team works in partnership with our customers to engineer the best solution resulting in faster time to market improved production and superior products for our customers. Comprehensive offering of products and services We have a broad range of soluble and freezedried monomeric and polymeric medicalgrade collagen plus access to a wide range of xenograft tissues providing customers with a single source with a flexible range of options for their biomaterials needs. More importantly we are one of a few companies with the knowhow in collagen and tissue processing related to tissue scaffold and medical device development. Worldclass quality standards Given the highly regulated nature of our business and barriers to entry the quality of our products along with our regulatory dossiers and animal sourcing from Australia and New Zealand the lowest BSE risk provides our customers with confidence and reduces risk in their supply chains. Products D iff er en t i a t o r s Collagen Solutions vision is to be the industrys first choice for regenerative biomaterials. Growth model We have multiple initiatives to drive longterm accelerating revenue growth as we i significantly expand our core business of biomaterials development supply and manufacturing that has sticky recurring revenue and ii introduce multiple proprietary products for licensing and distribution. Dental membranes Heart valves Bone grafts Skin substitutes Haemostats 6 Collagen Solutions plc Annual report and accounts 2017 With reference to our value differentiators innovation begins by leveraging our extensive scientific expertise and our collaborative approach with customers. Innovation comes from our extensive experience in collagen and tissue processing at both the research and clinical levels. Development Through our three RD centres of excellence in the US UK and New Zealand we are able to offer a wide variety of development services depending on the customers needs. Early in a project we contract with a customer to iterate a formulation andor device that meets the specific technical and commercial product needs before entering the final stages of development.