The Group is able to match and often exceed the service levels offered by its larger competitors. In turn the organisation is transitioning from a smaller successful player into a global leader within the domain name industry. The Group has established a robust infrastructure for growth through developing and operating scalable software platforms to serve global markets with domain names and related services. This includes recruiting a highlyexperienced management team with complementary skillsets and significant staff resources able to support customers around the world. CentralNics businesses support all stages in the domain name industry supply chain. The Groups Wholesale Division enables its domain registry customers to supply their domains to an integrated distribution network of around 1500 industry accredited registrars retailers and through them over 100000 resellers. CentralNic supplies its new Top Level Domains to more accredited registrars than any of its peers as well as operating billing and cash collection services. CentralNics retail platforms allow all types of internet users to register domain names and purchase additional services required to deploy their websites and email. These platforms are presented to the buyers through a number of retail websites focused on different market segments and geographies. The Retail Division has been increasing the domain inventory that it provides whilst optimizing provisioning costs. Its enterprise platforms allow corporations and domain investors to manage and protect their valuable domain name portfolios. CentralNics own businesses operate these software platforms and are offered to third parties on both a Software as a Service SaaS and a managed service basis. The same software platforms are also licensed to third parties including governments telecommunication companies and other enterprise clients as well as TLD registries. Identifying and exploiting relatively highgrowth areas of the domain industry Demand in growth markets may be driven by supply from new inventory such as the launch of a new domain extension by a liberalisation of registration policies for a TLD or by promotional activities. CentralNics registrars take advantage of these opportunities in the markets they serve often delivering strong results. For instance The Groups registrars are the highest sellers of .law domains for law rms and the second highest sellers of .ae domains for the United Arab Emirates. Growth opportunities also come from increased demand caused by improvements in internet access levels in emerging markets emanating from the adoption of smart phones broadband connectivity and governmental support for local digital economic development. Here again CentralNic is actively satisfying demand in these emerging markets. Winning and retaining wellresourced partners with complementary objectives CentralNic excels in its ability to acquire and retain entrepreneur and corporate clients to enable its ongoing growth. For the Wholesale Division CentralNic has sought out and won contracts for over 50 new TLDs since listing. This inventory includes a range of domain extensions with different business strategies including valuebased mass market generic domains such as .xyz and .website industryspecic TLDs such as. tickets and .bar. For country code market extensions CentralNic works with the local providers to develop marketing distribution and policy initiatives. For example the country code for Lao PDR .LA has been repurposed to address the alternative geographies of CentralNic Group Plc Annual Report 2017 13 CentralNics strategy for continuing its growth is to increase its scale and scope of operations by developing and operating scalable software platforms to serve global markets with domain names and related services. The Company specifically identifies and develops areas of the domain industry with highgrowth andor highmargin potential. This includes taking a leading role in disruptive initiatives such as new Top Level Domains TLDs selling country code domain extensions taking market share in emerging markets and focusing on the enterprise sector. Strategic report continued Los Angeles and Latin America while successfully retaining its countrys national Internet identity. Similarly .FM the country code for Micronesia has been retargeted to address the radio broadcast and music streaming industries. CentralNic is active in developing a pipeline of new domain extensions to add to its Wholesale platform. In 2017 CentralNic continued to win new clients in its Wholesale Division including a contract to manage 14 Top Level Domains from OpenRegistry. Groupwide CentralNic deploys a number of online customer acquisition strategies including search engine and user interface optimisation search engine marketing and email marketing. The Group also employs a number of offline marketing mechanisms such as promotion at events and exhibitions partnerships with registries and resellers outbound activity from its call centres and direct sales. CentralNic also excels in customer retention thanks to its philosophy of having a close collaboration with its clients and a focus on providing added value. For example to bring more value to its clients CentralNic offers expert advisers. These include sales marketing policy and technical development resources on a feeforservice or revenue share model. The Groups clients are also provided with business information to track service provision. Financial performance A review of the nancial performance of the Group is provided in the Chief Financial Officers report on pages 16 to 19. Key Performance Indicators Details of the Key Performance Indicators are provided on page 16. Principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group The Directors have considered the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and the main ones are outlined below. Regulatory The businesses of both registries and registrars are subject to the legal and contractual environment and to comply with ICANN and country code policies. These are subject to change which has the potential to inuence business outcomes. CentralNic satises the technical and operational requirements of ICANN and other regulators and maintains an active voice in the development of policy within the ICANN community. Market There is a risk that the market for domains for which the Group provides registry and registrar services may not increase as quickly as expected or that the new TLDs may not generate the revenue levels anticipated by the Board. In either case the Groups revenues could reduce below expectations with an impact on protability.