I am always impressed at how Hargreaves Lansdown listens to its clients and pulls together to provide solutions that help. Our desire to bring market leading propositions to our clients is critical to our ongoing success. We remain excited by the potential of Active Savings our upcoming cash management service and we are targeting a live proposition which is ready to launch around the end of the year. This has taken longer to launch than originally anticipated due to the significant technology development required. This is essential as we are determined that Active Savings must deliver the same levels of client service as our existing offering. This year we took the tough decision to drop our plans to set up a peertopeer lending platform. Peertopeer is an interesting area and we can see the attraction to selected investors however the market size remains relatively small compared to the other exciting opportunities we have in front of us. We have seen a significant increase in client activity this year. The number of calls applications transfers trades and other client instructions have all increased and we have continued to invest in the resources to maintain client satisfaction with their experience. Our IT is scalable and has coped well with the events of the last year including the general election. Our client and asset retention levels remain high at 94.7 and 93.2 respectively and it is pleasing that our Net Promoter Score SM 2 is at an alltime high. We continue to strive to provide an incredible level of client service in all that we do. Net new business 6.9 billion Expanding our digital footprint is a key strategic drive we received 138.4 million digital visits for the year to June 2017 up 31 on last year. An important enhancement this year was the launch of our new mobile app in February. Mobile functionality is no longer an optional extra it is essential for people who want to manage their investments. The app has been well received and we are getting great feedback from users. We have now had over 486000 downloads and the additional functionality that enables clients to place cash with us has resulted in 72 million being added to the Vantage platform. The introduction of Touch ID as a means to login has also seen a change in client behaviour with more frequent engagement with their investments. As a result we now see more digital contact from mobile devices and app visits than through our traditional desktop site. With all of this in mind I want to recognise the hard work and commitment of my colleagues throughout the business and thank them. They have strived this year to deliver incredible service to clients in the face of significant increases in activity and have also managed to develop the range and extent of the services we provide. Delivering our strategy As the new Chief Executive my challenge is to drive the next phase of Hargreaves Lansdowns growth. Our vision is to be a household name and the best place for savers and investors in the UK. This means investment in our people marketing and technology as Hargreaves Lansdown continues to grow and add clients. During the year we deepened our people focus with work on leadership and development our reward structure culture and succession planning. We have worked hard to build on feedback from our colleague survey and improve engagement. We have also commenced a broader initiative to bring our values the enthusiasm for client service and pride in working for Hargreaves Lansdown to the heart of how people work here. We have a leading brand and reputation in marketing. In 2017 we have particularly been looking at how we use digital marketing and client segmentation to improve the effectiveness of spend across our channels. We believe these are sources of competitive advantage and will continue to invest in them where we can see the benefit come through. We have also reviewed our marketing team and restructured it to focus more actively in these areas concluding that we will expand it to embrace the opportunities that new technology brings. 2 Net Promoter NPS and the NPSrelated emoticons are registered service marks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are service marks of Bain Company Inc. Satmetrix Systems Inc. and Fred Reichheld. Hargreaves Lansdown Report and Financial Statements 2017 18 Strategic report Chief Executive Officers review Effective investment in technology is also key. In February we took the decision to set up HL Tech in Warsaw Poland to leverage the considerable IT development talent located there. Our aim is to have 50 developers up and running during 2018 enabling us to push forward with improvements and developments to our services at a faster pace. Equally businesses must ensure that they have resources allocated to and continually adapting their response to cyber attack and we continue to invest heavily here. Ensuring the security of our clients assets is the most important thing we do. Looking forward I am pleased that we have delivered strong 2017 results in an environment where the UK has many challenges. Global politics are unsettled our position with Europe in a state of flux and markets continue to be uncertain. Unfortunately this state of affairs is set to continue for a while yet. At the same time society is going through longterm changes in demographics meaning that people are older for longer. Pension arrangements are moving from defined benefit to defined contributions where individuals must take responsibility for managing their financial future and over a longer period. People are not making sufficient provision for this so the country has a longterm savings gap of an estimated 314 billion 3. Offering great value and an incredible service At a time where people need to be taking greater involvement with their finances pensions and savings are increasingly more complicated.