2. Adjusted operating profit as a percentage of revenue in the period. 3. Adjusted basic earnings per share is based on adjusted earnings as set out in note 12 of Notes to the full year consolidated financial statements. Spirent Communications plc Annual Report 2017 13 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information Strategic Report Chief Executive Officers strategic review Spirent has adapted to the changes in the test and measurement industry and is aligned with the new opportunities that have been created. Overview realising our potential In 2017 we have established a firm basis to realise Spirents potential. We focused on our core expertise to enable our customers to develop high performance highsecurity systems in a shorter time. We have taken our expertise in service assurance to deploy innovative new systems winning new business with wellestablished and new customers. In doing so we gained market share with the early adopters in the industry which should serve Spirent well in 2018 and the longterm. An essential part of realising our potential has been to focus on our core strategies and take these into the growth opportunities offered by the global trend to move rapidly from development into operations. A natural consequence is a reduction in expenditure as we cease or scale back activities outside this focus area. This in turn has helped to increase profitability of Spirents operations and to increase cash generation. Eric Hutchinson Chief Executive Officer Spirent Communications plc Annual Report 2017 14 Strategy enabling the data revolution Spirent enables its customers to deliver data connectivity which is faster has greater capacity and has resilient security. This is essential to the development and deployment of new technologies worldwide from smart industrial processes smart home management autonomous vehicles smart enterprise business processes to smart city construction. Add in the digitisation of healthcare and it is clear that ultrareliable fail safe connectivity at hyperscale is necessary to deliver this vision. Spirent has an important role in enabling its customers to deliver these new smart technologies in an economic secure and timely manner. Spirents core expertise in data technologies founded on highspeed Ethernet WiFi cellular wireless satellite constellations combined with automated service assurance and analytics offers a differentiated and powerful set of solutions to our customers. Vital to our customers success is our ability to deliver our expertise in test measurement validation assurance and security in automated scalable systems that are easy to use. This will enable our customers to realise their vision of supplying data connectivity with lower cost higher reliability and security. The dominant market trends are underpinned by relentless traffic growth. The business imperative is to enable the industry to reduce operating cost and capital expenditure. Operators can not afford to match traffic growth with higher and higher levels of investment in new data transport equipment. They also have to reduce their cost of operations by implementing new network architecture and operating practices. These imperatives drive the move to software defined networks network virtualisation and automation. This is why Spirents strategic focus is to offer enabling technologies systems and active service assurance so that our customers existing and new can meet the challenges in building out virtual networks. Within this broad landscape there are market disrupters virtualisation the Internet of Things IoT 5G wireless and cyber security. Network virtualisation is the only way to support the exponential growth in data consumption. Virtualisation allows radical reduction in the capital cost of networks it also allows rapid deployment for new services. Spirent provides active test systems to assure performance before deployment and during operation to allow realtime response to changing conditions in the network. The existing hybrid networks with their inherent complexity will exist for decades to come. Connected things range from personal devices such as a smart stylus through large autonomous vehicles and industrial infrastructure. With regard to hyperconnectivity there are multifarious challenges for developer and network operators. Spirent offers solutions to avoid network bottlenecks degradation in performance and security breaches. The continuous evolution in wireless technologies is now moving to the development and deployment of 5G. 5G will allow new applications to access extreme bandwidth and will offer ultralow latency. This will support new applications such as virtual and augmented reality. New test and assurance capabilities will be required to support 5G both for networks and for devices. Cyber security is at the forefront of concerns around any data application and network. High profile security incidents make headlines across all aspects of life from individuals to business to government. The overall prevalence and sophistication of cyber threats continue to rise. There is a necessary increase in spending on cyber security to detect and protect against threats. Spirent offers highly reliable and up to date test and verification solutions to give greater assurance that protections are working. Spirents strategic direction is to take our deep expertise in test and assurance in data networking to provide leadingedge solutions and services that enable the realisation of smart connectivity at an economic cost achieved through automation and lower cost operation. We will consolidate on our leadership positions in highspeed Ethernet and in satellite navigation. We will deliver solutions to meet the challenges of virtualisation and cyber security. We will deploy systems in production networks for active test and management to lower the cost of operations. We will develop new solutions for the growth in 5G wireless technology and to meet the requirements for autonomous vehicles. Spirent Communications plc Annual Report 2017 15 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Other Information Performance highlights 2017 Industry leadership We remain the worlds leading vendor of highspeed Ethernet performance test systems. We participated in several high profile firsttomarket demonstrations New H3C demonstrated the industrys highest density 100G Ethernet data center Network World conducted the largest port test of unicast switching capability on a Cisco Nexus 9516 core router switch and China Telecom China Co. Ltd.