Looking to the Future In 2018 I expect Tribal to continue to secure new clients for our Student Information Systems with a strong pipeline of new opportunities in Higher Education and the prospect of continued improvement in sales performance. Additionally with a further contract already secured in Dubai and a strong pipeline of new work QAS enters 2018 with confidence and optimism. Revenues are expected to be broadly flat in 2018 which represents a small growth excluding the impact of the final year of Ofsted revenue in 2017. I expect the operating margins to increase further as the cost savings achieved in 2016 and 2017 continue to benefit 2018. We will continue to look for further efficiencies in 2018. We will also continue to reshape our product development and customerfacing support businesses to provide a more agile and responsive customerfacing environment. As part of this change we are transitioning our current hosted customers to a new data centre in partnership with Rackspace. The investment in this migration will provide us with increased sales opportunities for hosting solutions to new and existing customers as well as providing a resilient platform for our next generation cloudbased Student Information System. Although there remains much to do I see the momentum continuing into 2018 and beyond as the Group continues to drive cost efficiencies in the business and increasingly takes advantage of the international market for student information systems. Employees I would like to thank all our employees for their hard work and commitment. The Group has undergone significant continued change through 2017 and that inevitably brings uncertainty. The support of the employees has been invaluable in bringing the Group through this challenging period. Although there is much still to do in 2018 the overall business structural changes have largely been made which should provide a more settled and certain environment for 2018. I should also like to thank my fellow directors for their hard work determination and persistence in seeking to improve the efficiency of the Tribal business. Dividends The Board believes that the payment of dividends is important and has previously confirmed its intention to pursue a progressive dividend policy once the Groups financial performance supported the payment of a dividend. Given the good overall performance of the business in 2017 and the strong closing cash position the Group is now in a sustainable financial position. The Board has therefore decided to propose a dividend of 1p per share. This will be paid in May 2018 pending ratification at the Companys Annual General Meeting. Outlook and Current Trading We expect overall market conditions and demand for student management systems to remain stable in 2018. While the timing of deal closures and achievement of implementation milestones remains difficult to predict we are well positioned to continue to benefit from the demand for student systems and upgrades. We have already secured several software and service contract wins in the early part of 2018. With the introduction of IFRS15 in 2018 there will be some impact on revenues and operating profit as the Group will be required to spread the recognition of software revenues over the duration of the implementation period rather than immediate recognition on installation. This is likely to cause a modest transitional dip in revenues and operating profit in 2018 as large contract wins in year are spread over the future implementation period. Given the factors described above and the strong platform around which to build sustainable shareholder value I expect continued improvement in our profitability during the current year. Approved by the Board of Directors on 22 March 2018 Richard Last Chairman Working with Tribal really has revolutionised the way we manage our learners. University of Sheffields Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre UK 05 Financial Statements Governance Strategic Report Introduction Case Study Tribal the perfect fit for Outstanding Derwen College UK Derwen College is a vibrant and pioneering college committed to promoting the vocational educational personal and social development of young people with a wide range of learning difficulties and disabilities through personalised learning. Specialist provision comes with unique challenges and Derwen College needed a flexible student information system that could easily meet their exacting requirements. Derwen College chose ebs as the perfect fit. Tribal developed a staff portal specifically for Derwen College that allows all members of staff to report on all aspects of student behaviour be it praise or concern for a student instantly through any device. ebs collates this information to give a single overview of students progress. We selected ebs because the system could easily be tailored to our needs allowing our staff to easily monitor our students progress and ultimately focus their valuable time on our learners success said Maggie Furmanek Director Finance Resources Derwen College.