We have become a unique B2B group. We can offer our clients endtoend solutions that combine the strengths of our publishing brands deep market knowledge with bestinclass business consultancy services. We have trusted brands and capabilities providing effective solutions for clients searching for information and insightful guidance. The Group is well placed for growth having strengthened its competitiveness created products and services to meet customer demand and built capabilities to unlock its future growth. In respect of our three market segments 86 of Group revenues are weighted towards the Marketing and Professional services segments with Financial services accounting for the remainder. Strengthened balance sheet The completion of the disposal of our Home Interest segment combined with strong cash generation has significantly strengthened our balance sheet. We now have net cash with 25m of untapped credit facilities with which to make strategic acquisitions. Dividend In light of this performance the Board is recommending a final dividend of 1.5p per share to give a total dividend for the year of 3.0p per share. Positive outlook Although advertising market conditions remain challenging they represent a decreasing share of Group revenue. The Group has made a positive start to 2018 and we remain confident that our strategy to invest in digital products and services which advise inform and connect business professionals through insight data and events will continue to deliver longterm value for our clients and shareholders. We intend to grow both organically and through acquisition. Organic growth is forecast to come from improving customer lifetime value crossselling and international scalability of digital intelligence products. As well as improving profits from our consultancy and advisory business we anticipate further growth following the acquisition of MarketMakers which has already started to positively impact our client offering and internal capabilities. Segment review Marketing This segment includes all the Groups brands that serve marketing and creative professionals including Econsultancy Marketing Week Festival of Marketing Celebrity Intelligence Fashion Beauty Monitor Design Week Creative Review Oystercatchers and Centaurs most recent acquisition MarketMakers. The portfolio now represents 56 of the Groups revenue. It is the strongest example of our Group strategy to continue to deliver long term value for our clients and shareholders by investment in digital products and services. Marketing Week alongside Creative Review and Design Week accelerated its move away from printbased revenues in 2017 with a digital first contentled strategy. Unlike 2016 these brands all suffered from doubledigit decline in traditional advertising revenue and recruitment streams as clients throughout the year reduced their advertising spend. The opportunity now exists for our teams to offer broader horizontal client solutions a key area of development for Centaurs next phase of growth helping us to further reduce exposure to volatile advertising streams by building higher value longer term relationships with clients. Our focus on fewer larger events has worked well with growth in profits for both Marketing Week Live and Festival of Marketing. The Festival staged in October 2017 received positive reviews from delegates and commercial partners alike. Of particular note was the 37 growth in delegate revenues. With over 300 speakers and more than 200 hours of content it is clear that marketers value the Festivals content and are attending in increasing numbers to learn and network. Notable speakers included Stephen Fry Mark Ritson and Jo Malone. Customer satisfaction scores NPS have increased yearonyear firmly establishing the Festival as a leading global event. Were delighted to see it continue to grow as the only global event in the sector where brand marketers comprise over 60 of its customer base compared with competitors such as Festival of Media and Advertising Week with 1015. Marketing Weeks successful Mini MBA in Marketing underpinned the development of a Centaurwide online classroom platform which successfully launched a series of modernday micro learning modules and online classrooms for Econsultancy Celebrity Intelligence and The Lawyer. Recognising the loyal and highly valuable audiences drawn together collectively through our three heritage publishing brands Marketing Week Creative Review and Design Week we are beginning to leverage their market influence as online digital windows. It is through these shop windows that we expect readers to access and purchase additional branded content such as market reports and training courses from Econsultancy and other affiliate partners. This pilot will continue to be monitored throughout 2018. CentaurAR2017.indd 11 26032018 172548 25895 26 March 2018 523 PM Proof Five 25895 26 March 2018 523 PM Proof Five 12 Centaur Media Plc Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 PERFORMANCE CEO Review 2017 was a pivotal year for Oystercatchers as it integrated into Centaur and built a fresh new proposition combining the best of two worlds Oystercatchers unique pitch model consultancy training and Club alongside the expert content and events of Centaur brands such as Econsultancy and Festival of Marketing. The team had success in broadening their remit with clients such as EY and Samsung. It onboarded exciting new clients including Formula One and Centrica and brought new processes and transformational change to the Post Office and Bwin. As a result of client success the Financial Times acknowledged Oystercatchers as one of the UKs leading management consultancies and awarded the brand four out of six stars in the marketing brand and pricing category alongside AT Kearney Capgemini and LEK Consulting. Both Econsultancy and Oystercatchers suffered from a decline in face to face training in the second half of the year. However given market demand for Elearning and growth potential Oystercatchers training team has been consolidated within Econsultancy creating a combined force to deliver digital excellence. In tandem this internal move allows Oystercatchers to focus on its core consultancy services and help the wider Centaur Group improve horizontality and deliver endtoend valuable solutions for clients. Meanwhile Econsultancys sponsored research division recorded a strong yearonyear performance with key projects completed with global innovation and technology clients including Microsoft Google Adobe and LinkedIn.