The Company has also progressed the pre clinical pipeline. The programmes currently consist of VAL301 which is derived from the formulation of VAL201 and the compound VAL101 which is derived from our GeneICE technology platform. The Company is very much looking forward to taking the next generation of therapeutics into further development and through to the clinic. VAL401 and VAL201 have received several major patent grants and the IP portfolio now covers all major areas worldwide. ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 02 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT In my report for the year ended 31 December 2016 I informed our shareholders that we were making important strides in growing our internal RD capabilities such that we remain at the forefront of personalised and precision medicine. I am pleased to report that our research understanding and ambition to find more effective solutions to the treatment of cancer have moved on further since then. The integration of our inhouse team with an advisory board of oncologists and clinical nurse specialists has been providing valuable insight into how we can more rapidly bring safe efficacious therapeutic and palliative medicines to cancer patients to meet hitherto unmet needs. In 2017 we saw consistent progress made with our first therapeutic. VAL201 continued to demonstrate high safety and tolerability as well as preliminary therapeutic activity throughout the clinical study culminating in receiving approval from the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency and the Research Ethics Committee to substantially raise the dosing level in patients with locally advanced or metastatic prostate cancer in order to reach therapeutic levels and reduce disease progression. This is a testament to the appetite for new drugs devoid of the serious side effects reported with current prostate cancer treatments in particular complete and general androgen hormone deprivation. We look forward to reporting on the clinical trial as it progresses throughout this current year. In parallel we continued to advance the reformulation of VAL201 into VAL301 for the treatment of Endometriosis a painful and debilitating gynaecological condition with high unmet clinical needs. We have established from our preclinical studies that VAL201s specific mode of action also has the potential to provide a potent therapeutic effect to manage the symptoms of this disorder more safely than current treatments which are widely known to cause a large number of side effects including loss of bone density andor infertility. Going forward the Companys focus is to complete laboratory tests before progressing VAL301 to clinical trials. A particularly noteworthy achievement by the Company in the reporting period was the successful completion of the VAL401 Phase ll clinical study in patients with late stage non small cell lung cancer the most common form of lung cancer. The data analysed by Ariana a leading digital health Company focused on developing advanced therapeutic decision Strategic Report ValiRx plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements In conclusion I believe the Group has seen substantive and encouraging developments across its portfolio during the period to December 2017. The progress of our core clinical products VAL201 and VAL401 has been substantial and both have reached significant value inflection points. The current momentum and exciting trajectory of both compounds offer potential investors an investable proposition and an attractive offering to joint venture partners. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders fellow Directors and every member of the Group for the trust and support accorded to the Board in positioning ValiRx among the frontrunners in the fields of personalised and precision medicine. Oliver de GiorgioMiller Chairman 5 April 2018 support systems has advocated the therapeutic potential for VAL401 as a single therapy in treating this cancer. Ariana has also advocated the compounds therapeutic and palliative potential when combined with both traditional chemotherapies and immuneoncology treatments. Palliative stage patients could expect to see improvements in symptoms with the added benefit of improved survival prospects. The encouraging 60 overall response rate provides a strong foundation for the next stage of clinical testing. The measure of immune competency of the treated patients was also a pleasingly unexpected addition to the results. In sum we are very excited to see such a good response rate for a condition with huge unmet medical need. Furthermore these results came hot on the heels of ValiRx receiving notification that a further methodoftreatment patent has been granted by the US Patent Office covering the use of VAL201 in the treatment of prostate cancer. VAL201 now has five patents families in its portfolio four of which have been fully granted and with one allowed. VAL201s patent protection now extends across territories that include US Japan Australia Europe and the UK providing coverage in the worlds major markets. Another important breakthrough during the year was the development of an optimised commercially viable second generation of the VAL101molecule derived from our proprietary GeneICE platform which has been shown in earlier studies to shut down rebellious genes causing cancer and potentially some neurological disorders. We can now take VAL101 in to late preclinical studies in preparation of the compounds entry into the clinic. Our financial results show the total comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2017 was 3019684 a decrease of 36.40 on the previous year 2016 4748003 and a loss per share from continuing operations of 1.90p 2016 Loss 8.54p. This marked reduction in our loss was attributable to a decrease in clinical trial expenditure as the manufacturing costs for both of the investigational medicinal products VAL201 and VAL401 that were incurred for their respective trials were borne during 2016. In December 2017 we announced the final conversion of the CLN Agreement with Yorkville thus resulting in no further obligations existing with Yorkville.