As such we have created a team with a wealth of experience in institutional FX and tailored our technology and service solutions to meet investment managers specic and increasingly complex needs. Throughout the course of this year we have also continued to invest in the ongoing development of our technology platform which has proved to be an important element of our advisory service oering and this will continue to be a focus moving forward. Our online currency management platform has been developed inhouse and we believe aords us a strong Chief Executives Statement Everyone at Alpha passionately believes our IPO marked the start of our journey not the end. We took Alpha public to avoid the destination mentality and now have the opportunity to continue developing a very special business. 248225 Alpha FXpp12pp26.qxp 03042018 1507 Page 14 STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT 15 competitive advantage. It provides our clients with a tailored and comprehensive overview of their currency exposures and is subsequently allowing them to manage and report on these exposures more eectively whilst reducing the time and costs involved in doing so. We believe that our bespoke platform oers customers a greater insight into their hedging activities than our competitors and has become a key dierentiator in a short space of time helping us with both customer acquisition and retention as well as margin protection. In light of this we made the important decision to migrate to a new Cloud Application Platform in February 2018 which oers richer functionality greater customisation and increased scalability. Technology is an important cornerstone of the business and we have a strong technology development roadmap in place and further functionality will be introduced during 2018 to enhance the platform. A reection of the importance we place on our technology is the fact that our team of developers has grown from 2 at the start of the year to 9. In December we relocated our head oce to London to bring all our team under one roof in order to support the unique culture which ultimately underpins our success. We have already seen the benets of a single larger oce with wider skill sharing stronger relationships being forged and a positive atmosphere of camaraderie and collaboration. People When we listed Alpha in April we underestimated how inuential it was going to be in helping us acquire exceptional talent. Our plc status has served as a testament to Alphas success and future ambitions enabling us to attract high calibre individuals in a relatively short space of time and with a noticeable shift in the volume and quality of inbound applications. As planned total headcount increased from 30 to 51 during the course of the year. Of these new recruits 11 joined the Front Oce team to continue the rate of client acquisition in the UK corporate market as well as penetrating overseas territories from our oce in London. As always we expect sta contributions to increase incrementally as individuals develop along the learning curve and I am pleased that yet again new starters in FY17 outperformed those in FY16 a trend I expect to continue due to the compounding eect of surrounding great people with more great people alongside our evolving service and infrastructure and the growing reputation of Alpha in our target markets. The majority of remaining new team members joined our Technology team spearheading new product development and technological innovation with a particular focus on evolving Alphas online currency management platform and payment functionality as well as developing custom platform solutions for our clients. Thank you The bedrock of our business has always been our people and I would like to thank everyone who has got Alpha to this stage in its journey. Your commitment and vision is helping to build a business that is driving change within the industry as well as a culture I feel incredibly privileged to be a part of. Last but by no means least I would like to thank you our shareholders who believe in our vision and are helping us to take Alpha to new heights whilst accelerating positive changes within our industry. Outlook Everyone at Alpha passionately believes our IPO marked the start of our journey not the end. We took Alpha public to enable our growth ambitions whilst ensuring we could maintain the entrepreneurial culture that got us here in the rst place. We now have the opportunity to create a very special business with a clear vision and growth strategy. I look forward to being able to report back on further progress achieved in the current year. Morgan Tillbrook Chief Executive Ocer 248225 Alpha FXpp12pp26.qxp 03042018 1507 Page 15 STRATEGIC REPORT OUR STRATEGY 16 Acquire new clients Retain existing clients and increase share of their spend Develop our oering Nurture our culture Build scale and eciencies Our Strategy A clear strategy lies before a highly capable and motivated team who now have an enhanced service oering and wealth of new resources at their disposal. 6 The Group exclude Training Accounts those that have generated less than 10000 in revenue since being onboarded in order to provide a clearer picture of client numbers for the purposes of these gures. Strategy Progress to date Acquire new clients We will continue to grow our client base by penetrating further into the corporate and institutional market in the UK alongside expansion into overseas markets and sectors. Total number of clients increased from 223 to 310 during the year representing a 39 increase on 2016. 6 Front Oce team grew from 21 to 32 to accelerate the rate of client acquisition and three experienced Portfolio Managers were promoted internally to Senior Strategists ensuring the Front Oce team has ample support to acquire new clients. Increased penetration into overseas markets having recruited sta that are uent in foreign languages all of whom are based from our oces in London.