Dividends CMC Markets continues to be a highly cash generative business. Whilst the Groups policy is to pay dividends of 50 of underlying profit after tax given the Groups strong cash position the Board has decided to maintain the full year total ordinary dividend in line with the prior year. The Board is recommending a final dividend of 5.95 pence per share which represents a total ordinary dividend of 8.93 pence per share. Outlook 2018 will be an important year for the Group as the regulatory changes are finalised and the way the Group will best serve the needs of our clients within that environment becomes clear. With our award winning technology focus on client service and strong balance sheet we believe that as the industry adjusts to these changes we will be in a position to emerge as a stronger business delivering future growth and shareholder value. Simon Waugh Chairman 7 June 2017 Chairmans statement CMC Markets plc Chairmans statement 8 9 Peter Cruddas collaborates on product development plans. I founded CMC Markets in 1989 and over the intervening years the business has grown and has dealt with many periods of significant change in many cases we have pioneered the change. This has included embracing the internet and new technologies including mobile and adapting to regulatory change. I love being at the helm of the business and I plan to steer us through any proposed regulatory changes ahead That is what I have done successfully for 27 years and I will continue to do going forward. Financial performance and KPIs Over the year global markets were less volatile than historically particularly in our major asset class indices and despite shortterm volatility around the EU referendum and US presidential election this ultimately led to fewer trading opportunities for our clients. Against this backdrop of low levels of market volatility particularly in the first half clients traded less than the prior year with net operating income being 5 lower than the prior year at 160.8 million. Operating expenses before exceptional costs increased by 6 to 105.8 million due to increased investment in marketing and higher staff costs. Profit before tax was 48.5 million a 9 decrease on the prior year driven by the reduced net operating income and the low level of variable cost within the business. However with this operational leverage we anticipate that when revenues increase there will be a low incremental increase in cost and therefore believe that our strong client metrics are a good foundation for future earnings growth. Own funds generated from operating activities were 47.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2017 and the Group continues to have a strong regulatory total capital ratio of 31.5 as at 31 March 2017. Although the Groups policy is to pay 50 of profit after tax as dividends given the Groups strong cash generation and liquidity position the Board has recommended to maintain last years total ordinary dividend and pay a final dividend of 5.95 pence per share despite the lower earnings. Active clients have increased by 5 for the Group to 60082 however a 6 reduction in the number of trades and a 3 decrease in the value of those trades contributed to a fall in overall revenue per active client RPC of 11 to 2517. Although lower than the prior year RPC remains amongst the highest in the industry and is a reflection of the quality of our client base. RPC is presented net of retail and Institutional client rebates which were 9.9 million for the year a decrease of 6 from the prior year. 2017 has generally been a good year for overall client acquisition for the CFD and spread betting businesses with new clients increasing by 13 compared to the prior year. Our stockbroking business has seen client acquisition increase by 20. Regional review The UK continues to be Groups largest market net revenue 1 fell by 3 although the value of trades increased by 6. The value of trades saw an increase in lower margin institutional business offset by a large decrease in indices business. In Europe net revenue fell by 7 marginally higher than the reduction in the value of trades whilst in APAC Canada net revenue decreased by 11 again slightly higher than the value of trades. 2017 has been a busy and eventful year for CMC Markets as we completed our first full year as a public company We have made strong progress on our five strategic initiatives outlined for our investors during the listing process including signing of a partnership with ANZ launching new products binaries and KnockOuts and continuing to develop our award winning Next Generation platform. Our financial performance has been lower than last year driven by lower client activity resulting from an unusual lack of market volatility for large parts of the year. However active client numbers and client assets have continued to increase. I am therefore confident that we have the right foundations in place for the business moving forwards. The big industry event of the year which was outside our control was the decision of a number of European regulators to announce changes or commence consultations around client appropriateness minimum retail margins risk warning amendments client incentive schemes and marketing of leveraged products. Our primary focus has been on the consultations within our core markets in particular the UK and Germany where the consultation period took place from December 2016 through to March 2017 and we have made thorough and detailed responses. These consultations were initiated as a result of lowquality providers applying low levels of regulatory compliance questionable sales practices and irresponsible behaviour primarily from overseas jurisdictions. CMC Markets has always had a strong focus on compliance and service and I am confident that by working with regulators in the long term the Group and the industry will emerge in a stronger position.