These results serve to emphasise the strength of our management team and their ability to operate effectively against the backdrop of a volatile market. Vesuvius remains an intrinsically cashgenerative business and we saw strong cash generation throughout 2017 ending the year with a stronger balance sheet than in previous years. The Group continued to make good progress in delivering the previously announced restructuring programme which focused mainly on our Flow Control business. We also commenced a completely new programme focusing on the Foundry Division in Europe and NAFT A the Advanced Refractories business unit in Europe and Group corporate functions. Our Headline PBT was 152.9m 27 .6 higher than last year on a reported basis. Including amortisation of 19.5m and restructuring costs of 36.3m our PBT of 97. 1m was 22.3 higher than 2016. Statutory EPS is 14. 1p. Our dividend policy aims to deliver longterm dividend growth provided this is supported by cash ow and underlying earnings and is justi ed in the context of our capital expenditure requirements and the prevailing market outlook. With this in mind the Board has recommended a nal dividend of 12.5 pence per share for the year ended 31 December 2017 2016 1 1.4 pence which would result in a total dividend for the year of 18.0 pence per share 2016 16.55 pence an increase of 8.8. If approved at the Annual General Meeting this nal dividend will be paid on 25 May 2018 to shareholders on the register at 13 April 2018. Board and Governance In April 2017 we appointed Holly Koeppel as a Nonexecutive Director replacing Nelda Connors who resigned from the Board in late 2016. Holly has more than 35 years industry and nancial experience and has worked with businesses in Australia China the UK and the US. We are delighted to have her signi cant experience around the Board table. The Board continues to place great importance on furthering our understanding of the Vesuvius business by visiting key operations and engaging with as many of our people as possible. This year the full Board visited our Foundry operations and customers in Brazil meeting management from all business lines and gaining a broader understanding of the overall South American business. As Chairman I personally visited our operations in China in May and during the year other Nonexecutive Directors visited operations in Skawina in Poland Cleveland and Pittsburgh in the US and Borken in Germany. The Board will continue to visit sites across the Group increasing individual knowledge and ensuring that we remain connected with our operations management teams and people around the world. The 2017 externally facilitated Board evaluation con rmed that the Board continues to function effectively. We believe it remains well balanced setting the right tone from the top with a strong mix of relevant experience and skills ensuring that a collaborative yet challenging culture is embedded throughout the Group. Our People In 2016 I noted that to secure the current and future performance of the Group the Board had widened its focus on succession planning issues additionally reviewing the management level immediately below the Board. This continues to be a critical area for Board attention with the Board fully recognising the importance of developing talent and maintaining a cadre of diverse and highly capable people throughout the business. The need for greater diversity throughout the business is a goal upon which the Board remains focused. As ever I continue to be impressed by the way in which our leadership teams and our people go the extra mile to exceed our own and our customers expectations as evidenced by our 2017 results. On behalf of the Board I thank them all. Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting will be held on 10 May 2018. The Notice of Meeting and explanatory notes containing details of the resolutions to be put to the meeting accompany this Annual Report and Accounts and are available on our website www.vesuvius. com. I and all my Board colleagues plan to attend the Annual General Meeting and we look forward to the opportunity to meet with as many shareholders as possible on the day. John McDonough CBE Chairman 28 February 2018 Our Performance 18 Vesuvius plc Annual Report and Accounts 201 7 Chief Executives Strategic Review Introduction It is an honour to have been selected to lead Vesuvius and I am grateful to our Chairman John McDonough and the Board of Directors for their trust I would also like to thank Franois Wanecq for his exceptional commitment in leading Vesuvius over the past 1 2 years. Thanks to his achievements and the efforts of all our teams the foundations of the Group are strong and sound. Our main objective is now to build on these foundations and to generate and accelerate the Groups profitable growth over the coming years. The strong performance of the Group in 2017 is an important first step in the implementation of this growth strategy. Strong Performance In a globally favourable economic environment both our Steel and Foundry Divisions succeeded in outperforming the general market growth. This was particularly the case in China. Thanks to this performance Vesuvius global sales in 2017 reached 1683.9m an increase of 20.2 over 2016 on a reported basis. At constant currency and adjusted for the effect of acquisitions underlying revenue was up 12.5 as compared with 2016. Our trading profit in 2017 reached 165.5m an increase of 24.2 over 2016 on a reported basis and 16. 1 on an underlying basis. Our return on sales improved from 9.5 to 9.8. After the inclusion of amortisation of acquired intangibles and restructuring costs operating profit was 109.7m 18. 1 ahead of prior year on a reported basis. Our financial performance would however have been even stronger in 2017 if we had not been impacted by two temporary headwinds.