Philip Rogerson Chairman Strategic report Corporate governance Accounts Annual Report 2017 De La Rue 3 We provide governments central banks and businesses with a range of security products software solutions and specialist services that underpin the integrity of trade personal identity and the movement of people and goods. Currency 350.6m Revenue 50.3m Adjusted operating profit What we do How our business is managed We offer our customers cutting edge technology and products and best in class design. We plan to double our RD investment in the years to 2020 and focus on technologyled product and service development. Our Innovation capabilities means we can reliably solve our customers unique challenges through tailored products and services. It will enable us to extend the range of services to existing customers and to attract new customers. WORKING IN PARTNERSHIP WITH OUR CUSTOMERS Innovate Research and development Enhancing our capability in high growth areas such as security features polymer and digital solutions. Design Centre An essential part of product development we work closely to match our customers individual needs. Software development Improving our digital offering through partnerships and acquisitions. Central and commercial banks need a supplier they can trust to design and manufacture secure currency. Governments increasingly need to monitor and control identity to improve security social inclusion and global trade. Brand ownersgovernments tax authorities need to protect tax revenues and brand equities from illicit trade and counterfeit goods. Banknote Print Banknote Paper Polymer Security Features We design manufacture and deliver banknotes to customers around the world. We manufacture banknote paper for use by commercial and state manufacturers. We are the only vertically integrated producer of polymer substrate and banknotes. We create features that are combined with banknotes to make them secure from counterfeits. 7.1bn 11.8k 380 1.3m Banknotes produced in 201617 notes Paper produced in 201617 tonnes Polymer substrate produced in 201617 tonnes Security threads produced in 201617 kms Our business at a glance Grow 4 De La Rue Annual Report 2017 TO SOLVE THEIR UNIQUE CHALLENGES Our world class manufacturing capability together with outstanding operational expertise strong supply chain and secure logistics network offer our customers cost effective quality and reliability. Enable secure authentication and tracing of currency people and products Help people and goods move freely and securely around the world Help governments identify their citizens and protect tax revenues Help organisations fight counterfeiting and protect brand and reputation Provide tailored solutions Help countries form and trade Product blueprint Grow Deliver Identity Solutions 80.6m Revenue 11.4m Adjusted operating profit Product Authentication 34.6m Revenue 9.0m Adjusted operating profit Identity Solutions Product Authentication We create and deliver passports and identity solutions for governments. We create and deliver secure labels and track and trace solutions for governments and commercial customers. 13.7m 1.7bn Passports printed in 201617 Security labels printed in 201617 This is a nonIFRS measure. See further explanations and reconciliation to the comparable IFRS measure on pages 153 to 154. Strategic report Corporate governance Accounts Annual Report 2017 De La Rue 5 Our global footprint We have a global footprint and work with governments central banks and commercial organisations in over 140 counties. No. 1 In banknote and passport markets by volume. 157 years Longest customer relationship with Mauritius dating back to 1860. 40 Of the worlds total banknote denominations in circulation in 2016 were designed by De La Rue. 40 countries For whom we produce passports. Revenue by region Numbers do not add up to 100 due to rounding. UK 21 Rest of Europe 6 Americas 16 Middle East Africa 35 Asia 20 Rest of world 1 Employee by region UK 65 Rest of Europe 14 Americas 1 Middle East Africa 9 Asia 10 Rest of world 1 Gateshead UK Banknote and security printing Westhoughton UK Polymer substrate and security features Debden UK Banknote printing managed service Overton UK Banknote paper and Technology Centre Basingstoke UK Head offices and Design Centre Logan Utah US DLR Authentication Solutions Wilmington Delaware US Research and development centre Malta Banknote and security printing Malwana Sri Lanka Banknote printing Nairobi Kenya Banknote and security printing 6 De La Rue Annual Report 2017 A CASHLESS SOCIETY The role of cash. A lesscash society but not a cashless society. 08 10 12 REALITY CHECK The challenge of product authentication. Protecting revenues brands and people. IDENTITY CRISIS Towards a digital ID. Who are you Securing the future Strategic report Corporate governance Accounts Annual Report 2017 De La Rue 7 Securing the future A cashless society THE ROLE OF CASH A LESS CASH SOCIETY BUT NOT A CASHLESS SOCIETY 8 De La Rue Annual Report 2017 Cash means growth There is a strong correlation between cash in circulation and GDP growth. While Norway Sweden and Japan have particular circumstances that have led to them bucking the trend almost every major economy follows this rule. The value of money circulating has increased at a rate higher than GDP growth in 70 of countries since December 2012. Reports of the death of cash have been greatly exaggerated. With qualities that include portability divisibility and durability cash is forecast to grow and remain central to the worlds economy. A cashless society is about as likely as the paperless office that some insisted was within touching distance a decade or more ago. Just as new technologies such as email and cloud computing came to coexist alongside paper innovations including credit cards digital wallets and crypto currencies are complementing not replacing cash.