Ron Marsh Chairman 06 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 Polypipe Group plc 06 CHAIRMANS INTRODUCTION In the 1980s Polypipes offer was largely a basic product offer of discrete lengths of pipe and fittings sold through distribution which over the years has become commoditised and more difficult to differentiate. Adoption of kitemarks and continued investment in manufacturing efficiency over this time has retained a competitive position for these products. Further investment in new products and differentiated features continues today which helps support the Polypipe brand as the leading UK manufacturer of these discrete products. In the mid90s this proposition evolved to combine these discrete products into performance systems such as pushfit plumbing for example. Through developing an intimate understanding of the requirements of end customers plumbers in this case in 1998 Polypipe launched the very successful range of nondemountable grey fittings Polyplumb which has since become an industry standard system offer in the UK. Later this evolution continued with large diameter pipe solutions for water attenuation leading to the development of the Polystorm geocellular range designed to provide retention attenuation or infiltration at a variety of depths. Polystorm is suited to deeper burial depths and can accommodate a wide range of traffic loadings from pedestrianised areas to large HGV parks. As a proposition it is taken to market as bespoke oneoff designs engineered according to the particular design characteristics for each project such as soil conditions flood intensity requirements and flow versus retention requirements amongst many other parameters. Understanding the detailed characteristics and complexity of the individual projects requires Polypipe to work closely with the customers design engineers to understand these problems in order to be in a position to propose an appropriate engineered solution. Working closely with end customers in this way helps to generate pullthrough demand for Polypipes solutions through the distribution channel. Today this evolution is continuing through the development of smart technologies to bring together the optimised performance of underfloor heating systems with ventilation systems for the convenience and comfort of the building occupants. Throughout this evolution Polypipe has encountered new competitors but through its progressive market reach and managing these activities and manufacturing inhouse Polypipe generates incremental profitability while maintaining commercial competitiveness and market leadership. This collective learning and track record forms the basis of a set of competencies across the Group which position Polypipe well for future development in the UK and further afield. The evolution of Polypipes commercial proposition over the years reflects the Companys new product development strategy to deliver valueengineered solutions for customers while generating incremental profitability and maintaining commercial competitiveness and market leadership. PRODUCTION OF PIPE AND FITTINGS SERVES AS A FOUNDATION FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GROUPS SOLUTIONS DISCRETE PRODUCTS PIPING SYSTEMS SMART SOLUTIONS DATA DRIVEN MONITORING CONTROL FOR OPTIMISED SYSTEM PERFORMANCE BESPOKE ONEOFF DESIGNS PREFAB UFH VENTILATION SYSTEMS PUSHFIT PLUMBING VENTILATION DUCT PIPE FITTINGS ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS VALUE PROXIMITY TO CUSTOMERS 07 07 Stock Code PLP polypipe.com STRATEGIC REPORT POLYPIPES VALUE CREATION MODEL Unique and differentiated POLYPIPES MARKETPLACE OUTPUT TRENDS Over the next two years overall construction output is forecast to remain broadly flat in 2018 rising by only 0.2 before growth of 1.7 in 2019 driven primarily by growth in private housing and infrastructure. Outside of the private housing and infrastructure sectors slower UK economic growth and investment uncertainty are expected to weigh on construction output in the private sectors. This combined with the persistent uncertainty associated with the conditions of Brexit has acted as a considerable hindrance to major new investment in private sector construction especially for new highend residential and commercial offices projects within London that are particularly reliant on foreign investment. From an economic point of view other uncertainties such as the implications of continued inflation and the fall in real wages on consumer confidence and general UK economic growth and the availability of skilled construction labour may also affect the rate of construction growth in 2018 and 2019. RESIDENTIAL Output in the private housing sector continued to grow in 2017 and is expected to rise further in 2018 and 2019. Property transactions in 2017 were slightly lower than transactions in the last two years and indicate a broadly flat to slightly negative general housing market. These transactions have been distorted due to changes in stamp duty in recent years that adversely affected sales at the top end of the market in particular UK house price inflation in 2017 was 3.0 compared to 2016 according to Nationwide indicating that the supply of properties onto the market slowed in line with demand. As long as house price inflation continues housebuilders will be keen to increase supply especially given that the Governments HelpToBuy schemes have skewed demand towards new housebuild and they remain positive with respect to increasing supply. A key part of the housebuilding market that appears to have been adversely affected over the past year is prime London properties. House prices in central London have fallen 15 since their peak in 2014 according to Savills. Uncertainty on rates of return on highend properties from international investors due to short term economic and longerterm Brexit uncertainty has also affected demand for prime residential real estate in the capital. The private housing repair maintenance and improvement RMI sector was worth an estimated 19.9 billion in 2017. The trend of slightly negative property transactions over the past year would suggest falling output in the private RMI sector particularly given that a higher proportion of transactions than normal involve new housebuild encouraged by HelpToBuy. At the same time there is a slight demographic impact on RMI particularly among older homeowners in certain areas who prefer to release equity from pensions and stay and improve rather than move. As a result output from private RMI is expected to remain flat in 2018 before falling 2.0 in 2019.