Our creative responses to delivering what they want has driven our success. The increase in our AUM in 2017 should translate into a good start for the business in 2018. However the previously announced changes to our unit trust pricing and our decision to bear all the costs of research will result in a profit headwind of around 18m from 2018. Our investment performance statistics are at a high in part due to the very strong performance of three years ago. Maintaining this level is a key challenge in 2018. We will also continue to invest in the business embedding and optimising our new platform and starting a programme to upgrade systems supporting the sales and distribution teams. The resilience of our current operating model and balance sheet strength mean that despite the continued disruptions and uncertainties that exist around us we are well placed to continue our growth trajectory and look for new areas of opportunity. MAARTEN SLENDEBROEK Chief Executive Officer 6 Strategic report As a high conviction active asset manager Jupiter operates within the wider longterm savings markets in both the UK and internationally. MARKET DRIVERS In the markets where we choose to operate a number of powerful long term trends are driving demand for investment products that deliver attractive returns have transparent fees and create value for clients. Populations are growing and ageing Populations around the world are increasing and people are living longer. According to the United Nations 13 of the global population was aged 60 or over in 2017 equating to 962m people. Europe has the largest proportion of over 60s at 25 while Asia is in line with the global average at 12. Worldwide the population aged 60 or over is growing faster than all younger age groups at about 3 per annum. The number of older people is projected to reach 1.4bn by 2030 and 2.1bn by 2050. All regions except Africa will have a quarter or more of their population over 60 by 2050. Developing economies are getting richer In addition to ageing populations developing economies are enjoying rising wealth. As their incomes grow and demand for savings products increases individuals in these countries are increasingly demanding foreign investments to help them diversify their holdings and to give them access to a wider range of assets. Mutual fund providers pension funds and insurance companies are providing more opportunities for these individuals to achieve their investment goals. Individuals are having to save for retirement These population trends mean that many more people need to fund longer retirements than previously expected. However governments and companies are limiting pension provision due to the cost of funding this provision. Individuals are therefore increasingly required to provide for retirement themselves using defined contribution pension schemes and other forms of long term savings to build up enough capital to provide the income they will need. Individuals continue to look for positive returns on their investments Alongside the need to build up capital for the long term individuals and their advisors are also having to consider the returns on their assets. Persistently low interest rates in many countries mean that traditional savings accounts offer negative real returns. As a result pre and post retirement savers are turning to investment products such as those offered by Jupiter which offer the prospect of positive returns on their savings. In particular the ability to increase the value of savings during the post retirement phase as well as generating income over and above that provided by the state is changing the characteristics of client demand. Clients are demanding a range of different products Flows into mutual funds continue to polarise. At one end of the spectrum there is growing demand for low cost exchange traded and index funds where returns track an underlying market index. These offerings are generically known as passive funds. At the other end there are significant inflows into high performance outcome orientated active strategies capable of delivering additional returns. This is the area in which Jupiter operates. OUR MARKETS WHAT THESE TRENDS MEAN FOR JUPITER The trends in our markets have important implications for our strategy and operations l l There is substantial demand for investment products that offer strong outperformance after fees. Jupiter must meet this challenge in order to retain clients attract greater inflows and grow revenues. Investment outperformance after all fees delivered through active asset management is therefore our number one priority. l l Demand for different product types alongside shortening product lifecycles means we will need to further innovate and diversify our active range. We will continue to develop and launch new investment products where we have the ability to differentiate our active offering and look to attract and retain the best investment talent. l l Attractive long term demographics are increasing demand for mutual funds in the UK and in our international markets. This gives us the opportunity to further expand our distribution as we continue to diversify geographically and broaden our client base. 7 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Jupiter Fund Management plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 In the middle of the spectrum are traditional funds such as long only single geography equity and fixed income funds. These have seen sizeable outflows especially from funds which stick closely to the benchmark and which are therefore competing with low cost passive alternatives. This is a result of investors looking for funds that consistently deliver value for money through outperformance after fees. These dynamics mean that active asset managers must be able to clearly differentiate their products and demonstrate that they deliver positive returns after all fees so they continue to attract and retain clients. Clients are demanding fee transparency and value for money Fees can have a significant impact on returns to clients over time which is why Jupiter targets investment outperformance after all fees.