Iam constantly amazed by their commitment and by what they have achieved. Ben Verwaayen Chief Executive 18 May 2005 The Business review is divided into the following sections 7 Introduction 8 Group structure 9 Group strategy 9 Build on our networked IT services capability 10 Deliver on broadband 11 Create convergent mobility solutions 12 Defend our traditional business vigorously 13 Drive for cost leadership 13 Keep a relentless focus on improving customer satisfaction 13 Transform our network for the twentyrst century 13 Motivate our people and live the BT values 14 Research and development and IT support 15 Property 15 Regulation competition and prices 22 Relationship with HM Government 22 Legal proceedings Please see cautionary statement regarding forwardlooking statements on page 128. All customer numbers are given as at 31 March 2005 unless stated otherwise. The denition reconciliation and reasons for disclosing EBITDA earnings before interest taxation depreciation and amortisation are discussed in the Financial review. Operating and nancial review Business review 6BTGroup plc Annual Report and Form 20F 2005 Introduction BT Group plc is the listed holding company for an integrated group of businesses which together form one of the worlds leading providers of communications solutions serving customers in Europe the Americas and the Asia Pacic region. British Telecommunications plc is a whollyowned subsidiary of BT Group plc and holds virtually all businesses and assets of the BT group. Our aim is to increase shareholder value through service excellence an effective brand our largescale networks and our existing customer base and also through innovation in products services and solutions. Our principal activities include networked IT services local national and international telecommunications services and highervalue broadband and internet products and services. In the UK BT is the UKs largest communications service provider by market share to the residential and business markets supplying over 20 million customers with a wide range of communications products and services including voice data internet and multimedia services and offering a comprehensive range of managed and packaged communications solutions. Our core portfolio covers traditional telephony products such as calls analoguedigital lines and private circuits. New wave revenue generation is focused on networked IT services broadband and mobility. In the UK wholesale market we provide network services and solutions to over 600 communications companies including xed and mobile network operators ISPs internet service providers and other service providers. We interconnect with more than 180 other operators as well as carrying transit trafc between telecommunications operators. Our aim in these markets is to continue to increase protable revenues from data and advanced broadband and internet services further reducing our dependence on revenues and prot generated by traditional xedline voice services. In the 2005 nancial year 91 of our revenues were derived from operations within the UK. Globally We supply managed services and solutions to multisite organisations worldwide our core target market is 10000 multisite organisations including major companies with signicant global requirements together with large organisations in target local markets. We provide them with global reach and a complete range of networked IT services. Our extensive global communications network and strong partnerships enable us to serve customers in the key commercial centres of Europe North America and the Asia Pacic region. We own operations in the Americas Africa the Asia Pacic region Belgium France Germany Ireland the Netherlands Spain Italy Scandinavia Switzerland and Central and Eastern Europe. In a small number of countries we use a combination of direct sales and services capabilities and strategic partners to deliver the services our customers want. We currently have employees in 12 countries in Asia Pacic and operate multiple sales ofces in the Americas. Our global communications services portfolio includes desktop and network equipment and software transport and connectivity managed LAN local area network WAN wide area network and IPVPN internet protocol virtual private network services managed mobility applications hosting storage and security services and business transformation and change management services. Governance BTs policy is to achieve best practice in our standards of business integrity in all our operations in line with our published statement of business practice The Way We Work. This includes a commitment to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance throughout the group see Corporate governance. Corporate social responsibility We are committed to enhancing our positive impact on society through leadership in CSR corporate social responsibility. In our view a well managed CSR programme supports the delivery of strategy and is in the best interests of customers shareholders employees and the community see Our commitment to society. Ofcoms Strategic Review of Telecommunications Shortly after assuming its regulatory functions in December 2003 the Ofce of Communications Ofcom began conducting a Strategic Review of Telecommunications the aim of which is to consider the scope for the further development of effective competition in the telecommunications sector. The Review has found that although the UK telecommunications market has delivered signicant benets for consumers and businesses the current market situation is not acceptable or desirable going forward. Consequently Ofcoms second consultation put forward three options withdrawal from regulation in favour of reliance on competition law a market investigation reference to the Competition Commission under the Enterprise Act or the delivery by BT to other industry participants of real equality of access. BT supports the concept of a settlement based on equality of access which would in our view be an ideal opportunity to focus regulation on economic bottlenecks and reduce it elsewhere sweep away the regulatory mesh that has grown up since 1984 and deliver regulatory stability and certainty promoting the condence that market participants need if they are to invest and innovate. Consequently in our response to Ofcoms second consultation we put forward a package of proposals under which BT would make signicant organisational and other changes to address issues of market condence and transparency.