This valuation uplift has been offset partly by the cost of terminating our remaining legacy interest rate swaps which amounted to 20 pence per share. At 30 September 2017 EPRA NAV per share 1 stood at 9.52 an increase of 64 pence or 7.2. 1 Alternative performance measures APMs. See page 140 DIVIDENDS PER SHARE 16.0p 8.8 EPRA NAV PER SHARE 1 9.52 7.2 EPRA EARNINGS 1 45.2m 15.9 8 STRATEGIC REPORT OVERVIEW CHIEF ExECUTIVES STATEMENT Shaftesbury Annual Report 2017 A unique portfolio in an exceptional location Our portfolio extends to some 600 buildings across 14 acres of London s West End. Our investment strategy is focussed on restaurants leisure and retail uses which in the West End have a long record of resilience and growth. Our longterm management strategy of assembling clusters of ownerships enables us to curate and promote distinctive destinations which offer a wide variety of innovative midmarket choices in dining leisure and retail. London is the largest city in Western Europe and most visited city in the western world with an estimated 19.1 million international visitors in 2016. Current forecasts point to a growth in tourist numbers of around 3.5 per annum through to 2025. Located at its heart is the West End with its exceptional variety of visitor attractions from cultural and historic to dining and shopping. The exceptional numbers of domestic and international visitors together with a large local working population mean that the West End is busy sevendaysaweek throughout the year. It offers a prosperous trading environment for our occupiers attracting demand for space and sustaining growth in our rental values and income. Within the West End the availability of space particularly for restaurant leisure and retail uses is constrained by local planning and other policies. This structural imbalance between demand for and availability of space is fundamental to our portfolio s rental and capital value prospects. The West End economy In our long experience the breadth of the West End s economy provides considerable protection from the cyclicality and headwinds experienced by the UK national economy. Over the year business and consumer confidence has begun to come under pressure and growth in the national economy is slowing. However conditions in the West End have so far largely been unaffected. In particular weakness in sterling has provided a boost to the spending power of international visitors as well as increasing visitor numbers. Our restaurants cafs bars and shops are reporting resilient trading growth better enabling them to absorb upward pressures on operating costs currently faced by all businesses. Demand for the smaller accommodation that traditionally we offer is healthy. Lettings lease renewals and rent reviews are being concluded on terms in line with our expectations and vacancy levels have remained in line with our longterm trend of 3 or less of portfolio ERV. We are making good progress at our three larger schemes. 46 by ERV of the completed space is now either let or under offer and marketing of the remaining space continues. This larger space we are offering requires occupiers to invest significant sums in fitout and take on substantial rental commitments and we expect letting periods to be longer than for smaller space. Macroeconomic uncertainties are now showing signs of slowing potential occupiers decisionmaking processes. We shall be patient in selecting occupiers which match our longterm aspirations. The widely reported increase in national business rates took effect in April 2017. As we anticipated average increases for our occupiers were in the range of 30 to 40 with a large number of our smaller tenants able to benefit from a fouryear transition period. Occupiers of large space on streets where rental levels are above our average have seen greater increases and only limited transition provisions. Despite these unwelcome increases in operating costs for our tenants we have not seen any direct impact on occupancy levels or interest in leasing space. During the year we concluded 31.1 million of leasing transactions achieving rents for commercial space 6.7 above ERV at the previous year end. This is not only converting an element of our reversionary potential in to contracted income but it also provides valuable evidence to increase rental tones and grow income from our adjacent and nearby buildings. West End connectivity and infrastructure The completion of Crossrail 1 is now a year away with the first services on the Elizabeth line expected in December 2018. Once fully operational this important addition to London s transport network will add 10 to its capacity and materially improve accessibility to the West End. Over the medium term we expect the new transport hubs at Tottenham Court Road and Bond Street will result in significant changes to traditional footfall patterns throughout the West End. With all our portfolio in close proximity to these hubs we anticipate being a major beneficiary of these changes with a number of our streets expected to see much increased footfall and profile enhancing their longterm rental growth prospects. Continuing investment across the transport network is improving reliability and increasing capacity encouraging travel by public transport to the West End. Last year s introduction of 24hour running at weekends on certain underground lines has been wellreceived and initial passenger numbers have exceeded forecasts. Elsewhere we are seeing a number of Crossrailrelated public realm schemes progressing. Of great importance to the West End is the initiative announced earlier this year to pedestrianise much of Oxford Street. This will bring significant benefits including a muchimproved pedestrian environment and a reduction in trafficgenerated air pollution. Currently it is expected that the first stage of pedestrianisation west of Oxford Circus will be operational by mid2018. Planning for the eastern end of Oxford Street is underway.