3. Innovation More information Strategy 24 Operating review 32 More information Operating responsibly 26 We are enhancing our capability across digital channels so we can meet the changing needs of our customers and capture a greater share of the digital market. 2. Technology We are constantly evolving and enhancing the experiences that we offer to our customers and in doing so growing our revenue. 4. Venues The customer is at the heart of our business and we continue to work to enhance the customer experience with the aim of developing more multichannel customers. 1. Customer relationships www.rank.com 9 Developing Customer rela tionships Business model in action Strategic report 10 The Rank Group Plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Multichannel multibrand customer events In the UK Rank is one of the few gaming companies in a position to provide customers with a genuine multichannel gaming offer. We have a number of key assets including a portfolio of 151 venues our membershipbased model with approximately three million registered members our loyalty and reward programmes and the high levels of engagement that our team members enjoy with customers. As part of Ranks strategy to build a compelling multichannel offer numerous multi channel customer events were held in the year below are some examples. Grosvenor Casinos new digital sports offer Cheltenham Festival and Ascot preview events were held in the year both evenings were hosted by various horse racing personalities with over 70 guests in attendance. Guests were provided with a racebyrace betting guide for the horse racing events in addition to the experts best picks. Guests included retail and digital casino customers as well as invited VIPs. Big Bingo Bash During the year Rank leveraged its position of being able to offer its customers not just crosschannel gaming experiences but also cross brand experiences. In May 2017 digital bingo VIP customers were invited to experience both the Groups UK retail brands. The evening featured dinner in Grosvenors Southend casino followed by an evening at Mecca Southends Big Bingo Bash event a new bingo concept launched in the year. www.rank.com 11 Exciting new Technology Business model in action Neon rollout During the year the Neon casino management system rollout was completed across Grosvenors retail casino estate. The new system is a key building block in providing our casino customers with a single account and wallet across both our digital and retail channels a key strategic priority for Grosvenor Casinos in creating a compelling multi channel offer. Neon brings many improvements over the previous system with the ability to track customers play in casino a key area. Business intelligence functionality has also been included in the system which enables Rank to perform demand modelling and yield management for table gaming and machines analyse machine game performance and generally see a more detailed view of the business. Over the course of 201718 further Neon functionality will be rolled out across the casino estate to include player tracking for slots and electronic roulette table management and a replacement loyalty system. Strategic report 12 The Rank Group Plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 www.rank.com 13 Entertaining through Innova tion Business model in action Strategic report 14 The Rank Group Plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Luda Ranks first new concept bingo club Luda was opened on 7 August 2017 in Walsall. The Group is planning to open two additional Luda venues by the end of 2017. Luda key facts High street or city centre locations Smaller footprint than Mecca typically 2500 to 5000 square feet Provides customers with a hightech slots lounge Flexible bingo in terms of pricing and session times More modern environment targeted at a different audience to Mecca Opportunity for customers to participate in local regional and national link bingo games Coffeeshopstyle food and beverage offer available all day including hot food and alcohol www.rank.com 15 Entertaining Venues Business model in action Nottingham and Leeds Westgate casino refurbishments During the year Grosvenors casinos in Nottingham and Leeds Westgate underwent significant refurbishments at a total cost of 5.1m. Both refurbishments delivered a more modern casino environment better placed to accommodate leisure customers casual guests and regular customers. Nottingham Reorganisation of venue to increase customer space and improve customer journey New frontofhouse bar and restaurant Enhancement of external appearance New Sports Lounge facility Relocation of second casino licence and poker area New smoking terrace Increase in gaming product Incorporation of a multiuse area for private play learntoplay and parties Leeds Westgate Creation of delicensed welcome zone area at the casino entrance New Sports Lounge facility Addition of second casino licence with casual dining area and slot machines Redecoration of all public areas New smoking terrace Enhancement of external appearance Reorganisation of venue to increase customer space and improve customer journey Strategic report 16 The Rank Group Plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 .......... .... www.rank.com 17 upheaval which met with some employee opposition and undoubtedly had an impact on morale and performance. The business should now be in a much stronger and positive position with the project fully implemented. Mecca suffered from declines in visits but managed to outperform its main competitors and continued to maintain good cost control. More importantly we have trialled a number of bingo variants for example Big Bingo Bash Bonkers Bingo which are showing promise and with the recently launched Luda there is plenty to drive growth. Our digital business had a strong year with profits up significantly. With 15 revenue 2 growth we are outstripping UK market growth for digital gaming with Grosvenor continuing its stellar trajectory and Mecca showing good progress in the lower growth digital bingo sector. We changed our digital operating structure making way for a multibrand approach and made a number of new hires into key positions such that we feel that we now have a very strong team.