The quality and commitment of our people was recognised with a number of awards during the year including Large Housebuilder of the Year at the Housebuilder Awards. I would like to thank each and every one of our employees for their hard work during the course of the year. David Howell Chairman 21 November 2017 Further details on our people can be found on pages 30 and 31 Countryside Properties PLC Annual report 2017 6 DELIVERING SECTORLEADING GROWTH FROM OUR MIXED TENURE MODEL Group Chief Executives review The Group continues to make progress with its strategic objectives of sectorleading growth superior return on capital and building resilience through the economic cycle. Our Housebuilding model is based on an industryleading strategic land bank all of which is located in economically resilient markets in Outer London and the Home Counties. Over 80 per cent of our land bank is strategically sourced via longterm planning promotion which offers Countryside over ten years visibility of future supply together with an average 10 per cent discount to the prevailing open market value. Additionally as 73 per cent of this land is controlled via options or conditional contracts it ensures both balance sheet efficiency and flexibility through the cycle. Overview of the market Overall the backdrop for the UK housing market remains positive with continued strong customer demand favourable mortgage lending conditions and good political support. During the year all political parties recognised the need for additional housing not just because of the chronic need for new homes but also because of the important role that housebuilding plays in the wider economy. In February 2017 the Government issued a housing white paper Fixing our broken housing market which set out a broad range of reforms to help shape the housing market and increase the supply of new homes. One of the main themes of the report was a shift in focus from home ownership to increasing supply of all tenures of housing including more affordable and PRS homes. In October 2017 the Government reaffirmed its support for housing committing a further 2bn of funding to deliver more affordable homes and an additional 10bn of funding for the Help to Buy scheme which currently runs to 2021. Group strategy Our mixedtenure model gives us the ability to build sites out more quickly delivering much needed highquality housing. We deliver this strategy through our two balanced operating divisions of Partnerships and Housebuilding both of which offer strong growth through differentiated models that deliver capital efficiency and manage risk. Our developments offer a wide range of price points with homes for firsttime buyers through to larger homes from our premium brand Millgate. Our Partnerships division operates in Outer London the West Midlands and the North West of England. It delivers private affordable and Private Rental Sector PRS homes on larger sites typically public sector brownfield sites or local authority estate regeneration. The land is typically sourced via public procurement or direct negotiation and is developed in partnership with local authorities housing associations or PRS providers. It is a lowcapital model offering strong returns and the flexibility of longterm development agreements many with phased viability and priority returns. The division has an excellent track record of winning new work reflecting over 30 years experience on over 60 regeneration schemes strong relationships with local authorities and expertise in placemaking. T ypically we secure around 40 per cent of bids we submit and with a current pipeline of approximately nine years we have excellent visibility of future work. Supply of both private and public land remains good. In particular during the period we saw a further increase in public sector land being released for regeneration giving us additional opportunities to secure more work. Labour supply continues to be constrained across the industry and we along with the Home Builders Federation have been encouraging the Government to protect the status of EU construction workers as a vital part of the UK economy and to protect future development. T o mitigate this risk we are recruiting a record number of apprentices and management trainees and have expanded our graduate recruitment programme. In addition our larger site profile allows us to retain and expand our supply chain by offering greater visibility of future work and longer contracts. Overall build cost inflation was approximately four per cent for the year In order to meet the increased demand for housing despite the labour shortage the industry must also look at different build methodologies to deliver growth in output. We already utilise offsite timber frame construction on around 40 per cent of our current output. We are examining the way that this process can be enhanced to include all windows firstfix plumbing and electrical insulation and plasterboard in a closed panel system. We believe that offsite construction is integral to meeting our growth plans and securing our supply chain for the future. Our performance 2017 was another year of strong progress with both divisions performing well. Overall the Group has grown strongly with total completions up 28 per cent to 3389 homes 2016 2657 homes driven by construction site starts and increased open sales outlets. As anticipated growth of private for sale homes was particularly strong up 47 per cent to 1662 homes 2016 1127 homes as the large number of sites started in 2016 reached full production. However private for sale completions were still less than half of our overall delivery during the year reflecting our strategy of mixedtenure development.