Although revenue grew in APAC the continued investment in training and technology meant that the region made a loss for the year. The region has been through a year of restructuring and it is now in a position to grow the bottom line going forward. The yearend balance sheet showed borrowings increase from 1.2m to 1.5m to help fund the increase in revenue. This also had the effect of increasing the year end trade receivables to 3.9m 20163.4m. There was an operating loss for the year of 211000 2016 profit of 37000. The Directors are not recommending the payment of a dividend for the year but resumption of dividend payments will be kept under review. The 2017 result shows that we have maintained staff levels at 80 after a period of attrition during the year. Our clients need to feel confident before making a permanent or contract hire and political events during the last financial year including Brexit and the US presidential election caused a slowdown in decision making in some sectors. UK operations UK operations continue to see existing markets come under pressure from inhouse recruitment and externally managed service providers. The UK business was restructured from a service provision and operational standpoint in Q3 last year. Headcount remained stable but the business did not meet its hiring targets internally. Over the last year the market has become more heavily brokered and fragmented and the ability to generate value in traditional digital sectors has been eroded. In response to this Nakama London has continued to increase its capacity to deliver within the expanding data and analytics markets across both corporate and agency clients. The data and analytics service line is complementary and relevant to the existing client base both within the UK and globally. Margins and rates are healthy in this sector and senior level candidates and clients are suited to the consultative and proactive approach to recruitment that is at the core of Nakamas delivery. The business will look to grow its capabilities in this area whilst continuing to look at the implementation of technology to create efficiency and higher margins through the automation of lower value work. OVERVIEW STOCK CODE NAK NAKAMA GROUP PLC WWW.NAKAMAGROUPPLC.COM 3 Nakama Group AR 2017 Proof 7.indd 3 04082017 101225 25474.04 4 August 2017 1012 AM Proof 7 CEOS REPORT CONTINUED The UK financial services sector experienced a tougher environment with Recruitment Process Outsourcing RPO challenges affecting contract margins within the sector. Overall there has been an increase in permanent billings with demand for mid and senior level hires. The UK general insurance market saw increased competition by RPO companies impacting on contract delivery and margins. The focus for Highams is on the business analystproduct and transformation markets within insurance as that is where we see the growth. During the year there have been new technology platform programmes and digital distribution activity requiring specialist skills. Regulatory legislation in insurance wealth management and pensions is a necessary requirement and demand for skills in this area has been steady. APAC operations Operating conditions across the APAC region remain similar to the previous year. A mix of economic environments financial periods and local cultures can prove challenging. We continue to address this by ensuring that businesses focus on servicing high value verticals in their current markets. All businesses have continued to drive retained services and consultancy offerings relevant to their markets. We have a key focus on training and development so that the right skills are developed along with an onboarding and talent attraction programme to ensure that the business attracts and retains the right talent in an increasingly competitive market. External competition is increasing and it is still Nakamas key objective to invest in and build a strong management team to enable us to continue to pursue a consistent and clear strategy in multiple markets in line with the Groups vision. The APAC offices have again experienced an increase in turnover. This has yielded a 27 increase in revenue to 8.82m compared to 6.92m last year. However investment in training and technology in the region during the year in order to future proof the business meant that the region made a loss this year of 20000 compared to a profit of 189000 last year. The economic outlook in APAC is stable and the economy is in growth mode. Hiring restrictions in the Australian markets due to changes in legislation will put pressure on salaries and attracting consultants to the business. It is likely to have an ongoing effect on the permanent hiring outlook within Australia.The digital and technology disruption is beneficial in the sectors Nakama provides staff to specifically within analytics data digital and transformation. Traditional non digital businesses have taken or started to undertake wholesale reviews of where to position themselves. There has been an appetite for the range of human resource consultancy services that Nakama is starting to provide in the region and we see this as an essential differentiator of Nakamas product offering going forward. Projects are being adopted by organisations across many industries which are driving demand for digital skills a high proportion of which are not in the local market. Clients are focusing on a customer first digital strategy involving service and product design the strengthening of their data and big data and analytics functions and we are continuing to see clients evolve their digital customer acquisition strategies. The business has seen demand from the traditional consultancies that are now pursuing digital strategies to compete with the traditional advertising networks. In the new gig economy talent is increasingly more mobile than ever before and businesses are continuing to adapt to having more flexible staffing solutions.