associated extrusion equipment at an additional cost of 9m. This positions Kentucky as a significant stand alone contributor to Group capacity initially focused on AZOTE polyolefin foams with the site large enough for further investment if needed. During 2017 we also approved a 12m investment for infrastructure and two lowpressure autoclaves for our Croydon UK site primarily for expansion of our ZOTEK range of HPP foams. This recent acceleration of capacity investment is all growth related with expectations of increased revenues driven by our portfolio of differentiated products and market opportunities. In total we have committed to increasing our capacity by approximately 45 over 2017 production run rates. The HP1 investment cost more and took longer than initially anticipated. While this is disappointing we have learnt significant lessons from this including improved clarity on certain costs management of the risks associated with longleadtime specialist equipment and the potential opportunity loss from lack of capacity. We therefore emerge as a betterinformed organisation more capable of managing similar investments in the future whilst recognising that risks to execution remain on large and complex capital projects. Zotefoams organic growth strategy requires that we invest in product and market development as well as in the governance structure to support an increasingly international business. We have therefore seen a large increase in our administration and distribution costs including technical and market development linked to both current and expected future states of the Zotefoams business. Cost investment currently exceeds revenue in three major product groups MuCell Extrusion TFIT insulation and ZOTEK N foams which together represent 7 .1m of Group revenues 2016 4.56m and we believe are well positioned for longterm profitable growth. Current trading and outlook The year has started positively with first quarter order volumes 8 higher than 2017 and an increased proportion of highervalue HPP sales. Our investment in capacity in Kentucky USA has now been commissioned and we made the first sales in February. We have also broken ground on our investment in Croydon which increases lowpressure capacity for our HPP businesses by a factor of six. The Board has now approved the commissioning of our second high pressure autoclave in the USA with a view to having this operational during 2019. We believe that investment in product and market development over the past years together with investment in capacity to meet expected future levels of demand leave us well placed to support future growth and while being mindful of the risks posed by the macroeconomic environment and a strengthening in the value of sterling the Board remains confident about the future prospects for our business. Sales in Polyolefin foams increased by 18 to 52.82m 2016 44.73m with segment profit increasing by 29 to 10.29m 2016 7 .96m. AZOTE polyolefin foams are manufactured using our unique highpressure nitrogen gas autoclave process. This segment represented 75 of Group revenues and is the original and most diversified part of the Zotefoams business. AZOTE foams are more consistent lighter weight and possess higher purity than foams manufactured using chemical technology. These attributes make our foams ideal for multiple use or permanent storage packaging lightweight parts in aircraft cars and trains construction applications and medical equipment. During 2017 we operated the Croydon facility at its effective capacity increasing sales volumes globally by around 7. Price increases and a better mix of sales both by product and market contributed 6 to revenue growth while more favourable exchange rates mainly compared to the first six months of 2016 benefitted revenues by 5. In continental Europe much of the mix impact was realised in Germany where direct supply into a larger number of customers benefitted both pricing and business development. In North America the major impact was from our foam cutting operation in Tulsa Oklahoma which was operational for the full 12 months increasing selling prices with their valueadded processing of our materials. In the United Kingdom Eire and Asia revenues increased by 7 and 25 respectively. The operational leverage impact of higher sales while operating at capacity meant that profits increased significantly in an environment of modest labour cost increases and stable prices for LDPE our main raw material despite a more difficult inflationary environment in some other materials and energy. Increasingly our sales resource is spent specifying our product at end users often in collaboration with channel members. As additional capacity comes on line we believe this is the right approach to enhance the quality of our business along with product range enhancement and selected valueadded services. Polyolefin foams AZOTE Group revenue 52.82m Growth 18 2016 2 44.73m Segment profit margin 1 19 2016 2 18 Segment profit pre amortisation 1 10.29m Growth 29 2016 2 8.00m 1 Excludes amortisation of acquired intangible items. 2 Excludes exceptional items. Group CEOs strategic review Continued Zotefoams plc Annual Report 2017 09 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements HPP comprises ZOTEK technical foams and TFIT insulation products. Sales increased by 32 to 13. 15m 2016 9.99m and segment profit increased by 27 to 3. 16m 2016 2.48m. HPP is a portfolio of products where our unique autoclave technology is applied to a variety of high performance plastics to create foams with specific attributes. These attributes such as excellent fire resistance hightemperature performance energy management etc. are designed to meet the exacting needs of industries such as aviation automotive biotech and pharmaceutical and sports equipment. We see excellent opportunities to continue the growth experienced to date and we allocate resource and development priority accordingly. 2017 saw very strong growth in ZOTEK PEBA foams used in footwear. In December 2017 we announced a significant strategic partnership with Nike focused on this market segment which is now receiving a substantially larger allocation of resource and investment aligned to its continued growth potential.