Our underlying performance for the year was good. Having simplified our portfolio the Group is more focused and able to pursue growth ambitions in our three core markets building infrastructure and housing which now represent 90 of the Groups revenue and profit. We continue to invest in the business to improve our operational efficiency providing a robust platform on which to take advantage of the strong longterm fundamentals in these core markets. Our Construction and Services order books of 9.5bn together with our c.2bn property development and residential pipelines provide good longterm visibility of our future work. This visibility coupled with our healthy balance sheet provides us with confidence in achieving our Vision 2020 strategic targets. Philip Cox CBE Chairman 20 September 2017 Corporate governance Kier remains committed to the highest standards of corporate governance. The Board and its committees play a key role in guiding the company and setting the tone for how the business operates. I believe it is of paramount importance that we have the right skills set on the Board to steer the Group strategy for the long term. The Board is also supportive of the Groups ongoing focus on effective risk management corporate responsibility and the value our operations bring to regional economic growth. On 1 July 2016 Constance Baroudel joined the Board and became the Chair of the Remuneration Committee replacing Amanda Mellor who left the Board after last years annual general meeting. Constance brings significant financial experience and a detailed understanding of strategy in light of her present role at First Group. Full details of our corporate governance can be found on pages 58 to 104. Our people The safety and very importantly the wellbeing of our people remain a priority and I am pleased to report that during this year we once again reduced our accident incidence rate AIR and rolled out campaigns to employees to raise awareness of good health and wellbeing. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank our employees who are so committed to making Kier the company it is. Since joining I have already felt the pride and professionalism that our teams display in their delivery to our clients. Governance highlights The Governance section on pages 58 to 104 inclusive provides details of the Groups approach to governance and how it supports the delivery of Vision 2020. The highlights from the year included Nomination Committee Oversaw the Chairmans succession Reviewed the Executive Directors succession plan and Monitored Constance Baroudels induction to the Board. Risk Management and Audit Committee Monitored the Groups systems of risk management and internal control Reviewed the significant judgements made by management in preparing the 2017 financial statements and Oversaw the operation of the Groups internal audit function. Safety Health and Environment Committee Monitored the Groups current SHE performance Reviewed progress against the Groups SHE strategy and Oversaw the launch of the 30 by 30 initiative to reduce the Groups energy usage. Remuneration Committee Consulted with shareholders with respect to a new remuneration policy Set the Executive Directors remuneration for 2018 and Approved the Executive Directors 2016 bonus payments assessed performance against the 2017 bonus targets and set the 2018 bonus targets. Read more in the Nomination Committee report on pages 70 and 71. Read more in the Risk Management and Audit Committee report on pages 7378 inclusive. Read more in the Safety Health and Environment Committee report on pages 79 and 80. Read more in the Remuneration Report on pages 82101 inclusive. 1 Continuing operations. Stated before nonunderlying items. See note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 2 Continuing operations. Group and share of joint ventures. 3 Prior year comparatives have been restated to reflect the reclassification of UK Mining as continuing operations and Mouchel Consulting and Biogen as discontinued operations. 4 Net debt is stated after the impact of hedging instruments. Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Kier Group plc Report and Accounts 2017 13 Strategic Report Chief Executives strategic review We have strengthened our positions in our core markets In 2017 we made good progress operating in our core markets building infrastructure and housing. The twoyear portfolio simplification programme has enabled the Group to strengthen its marketleading positions laying robust foundations which improve our efficiency and provide a platform for growth. How would you summarise Kiers performance in 2017 From a strategic perspective 2017 was a good year for Kier. We continued to simplify and streamline the Group which enabled us to focus on our key clients and chosen markets and position ourselves for the future. Operationally our core businesses continued to grow their market positions especially the building and highways businesses. Financially 2017 also confirmed the strength of our underlying business. We saw organic growth in revenue and operating profit across the Group and achieved a net debt position which was at the lower end of market forecasts. At year end our Construction and Services order book was approximately 9.5bn including the McNicholas order book which secures around 90 of our work for 2018. Our Residential housing business performed well and our Property division pipeline expanded to around 1.4bn which will provide excellent development opportunities over the next ten years. Overall our performance in 2017 provided further validation of our core market verticals building infrastructure and housing we have chosen to pursue. These positions now firmly underpin the future direction of the Group and support our proposition of Invest Build and Maintain. I believe we have the ability to be the UK market leader in these markets and to exploit crossselling opportunities between our businesses to the benefit of our clients. What has the portfolio simplification programme involved and what are the implications for the business Weve been engaged in the process of portfolio simplification since 2015. It has involved closing operations in territories where new business prospects have significantly declined and selling businesses that were not aligned with the strategic direction of the Group andor did not deliver our minimum ROCE hurdle of 15.