The changes in the regulatory environment and a drive towards evidencebased products will be to the Groups advantage. Increasing market share During the period the Group continued to increase its market share in the markets in which we operate driving this to 13 2016 12 against a broadly flat market backdrop. In the product portfolio Pollinex Quattro continues to grow well as patients and allergists increasingly seek the benefits of our ultrashort course treatment programmes. Venomil driven by raw material supply issues in the market also grew strongly. Acarovac Plus and Probiotics continued to gain market share with the former being the fastest growing component of the Spanish portfolio. Scaling up the business A key aim of the management team is to leverage its current infrastructure and this is demonstrated by the strong increases in revenue and preRD operating profit this year in comparison with the prior year. Pipeline Phase III trial underway with broad programmes running During the year the scientific team has been actively managing and preparing for a number of significant clinical trial. The Pollinex Quattro Birch Phase III trial received Clinical Trial Application CTA approval and recruitment is now well under way with treatment of patients ongoing and read out expected in H2 2018. The Grass MATA MPL development is discussed in more detail below. If the Grass trials are successful they will form part of both the German and US regulatory submissions. The products in the German TAV process continue to progress well with plans for the start of clinical trials on the oral products and the injectable house dust mite product in a staggered process starting during the 2018 financial year. The German TAV process has the potential to boost sales of these products through additional clinical data as well as reducing the number of competing products in the market. The Acarovac MPL product for house dust mite allergy has started Phase I trials in Spain using the Pollinex Quattro platform technology. This product if successful through the trial programme could become a global bestinclass product with the first short course subcutaneous treatment in a global market worth an estimated 34bn 1. The Polyvac Peanut product completed a positive preclinical trial showing impressive protective immunity with a single vaccination and no anaphylaxis. This product uses the virus like particle VLP technology that the business acquired to create a subcutaneous product that could offer long lasting protective immunity for subjects with peanut allergy rather than just increasing tolerability in the case of accidental exposure. Team expanding the scientific excellence In order to facilitate continued success in the clinical development programme the Group is strengthening the organisation with expansion of the clinical team led by Murray Skinner Chief Scientific Officer at the Groups UK headquarters in Worthing. European business milestone CAGR of 10 reached over past 18 years The Group reached a significant milestone this year with compound annual growth over the past 18 years of 10. This reflects continued delivery of our focused growth strategy innovative products and a robust business model that is resilient to major economic downturns and significant regulatory changes. The business achieved net sales of 64.1m up 15 at constant currency on the 2016 performance and up 32 in actual terms. Following on from the 16 underlying constant rate growth last year this illustrates the strength of the Groups portfolio of convenient patientfriendly technically advanced products and the skilled sales and marketing teams in the business. Whilst operating in a highly fragmented European allergy market Allergy Therapeutics continues to benefit from its innovative approach within this marketplace and will look to build value for shareholders via suitable corporate development opportunities. The Group has also continued to invest in its 1 Datamonitor Epidemiology 2011 Percentage based on figures in thousands 2017 55.545m 2016 48.509m 10 Strategic Report Chief Executive Officers Review The Group has underlined its commitment to clinical excellence by appointing PieterJan de Kam as Clinical Director in midSeptember. PieterJan de Kam joined the Group from HAL Allergy in the Netherlands where he was responsible for clinical development with recent successes including European and US studies for pollen and house dust mites. In addition to the appointment of PieterJan the Group has recruited Simon Piggott as Head of Clinical Science. Simon will be responsible for the delivery of a robust clinical strategy bridging the gap between the Groups existing product development teams and clinical departments. Simon has significant experience in successful development programmes from time spent at Novartis GSK and most recently at Quintiles. Tim Higenbottam has been appointed to the role of Senior Pharmaceutical Physician and will focus on the US regulatory process. The Group is continuing to invest in the RD function to drive the key pipeline trials. The overall headcount in the research and development function within the Group has doubled in the last two years. Publication of data validating the Bencard Adjuvant Systems division During the year two papers were published in peerreviewed journals reporting on new preclinical studies from the Groups Bencard Adjuvant Systems BAS division. The two papers report that the novel depot adjuvant behind the Pollinex platform microcrystalline tyrosine MCT both alone and in an adjuvant system have broad applications and elicit high sustained antibody levels demonstrating enhanced protective efficacy compared to conventional adjuvants including aluminium. MCT has now been granted manufacturing patents in the US Europe and Japan. US market changing environment will drive market share towards Allergy Therapeutics The US market for allergic rhinitis which is estimated to be worth 2bn 1 continues to evolve. The regulatory pressures in the US that the Group acknowledged last year are becoming stronger as the FDA and the US Pharmacopeial Convention USP set strict guidelines for compounding and dispensing of allergy products. These guidelines if fully implemented will drive the market towards pharmaceutical grade centrally manufactured products that should benefit businesses like Allergy Therapeutics with GMP MHRA approved facilities.