Intertek is the only company to have added the Assurance dimension to the TIC components to offer an integrated ATIC value proposition to its clients. So what drove us to take this step We took the simple decision to look at our value proposition from the customers perspective. And this rapidly revealed to us that TQA is what our customers now require almost regardless of their size their industry or their location. This is for a very simple reason. In the past companies were primarily focused on the quality control issues around their endproducts raw materials components and assets all of which rely on the efficiency and effectiveness of Testing Inspection and Certification activities. Importantly the demand for TIC components will continue to grow in the years to come benefiting from a number of Andr Lacroix Chief Executive Officer parallel trends companies investments in quality and innovation for example as well as everstrengthening regulatory standards increased focus on sustainability accelerating global and regional trade flows and increasing demand for energy. Another powerful trend is also at play however. In our global market place corporations are sharpening their focus on the management of risk in their increasingly complex supply chain and distribution operations. This is where Assurance comes in and it is why we have evolved beyond quality control alone to additionally assure the reliability of clients operating processes and quality management systems. BUILDING OUR VALUE PROPOSITION It was this recognition that led us to substantially adapt the Intertek value proposition around a new Customer Promise. This Promise commits us to Intertek Total Quality Assurance expertise delivered consistently with precision pace and passion enabling our customers to power ahead safely. Now we can support the existing and emerging TQA needs of our customers in all areas of their extended operations from RD sourcing materials and component suppliers to transportation distribution retail and consumer management. This gives our clients the systemic TQA solution they want and we believe TQA is set to be an increasingly important requirement in the future as the trading landscape in which our customers operate continues to become more complex and global. And it is already complex today almost 60 per cent of GDP is international. THE ATIC ADVANTAGE Our global TQA Experts give our clients the ATIC Advantage by delivering our TQA Customer Promise. Read more about our full services on page 10 Compare this with 50 years ago when global trade represented only 25 per cent of global GDP. This burgeoning globalism is driving change in the ways that supply chains are formulated. It is giving corporations the opportunity to focus squarely on their core competencies and take advantage of new decentralised sourcing and manufacturing opportunities that are driving down their costs. INTERTEK GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 15 STRATEGIC REPORT 5x5 DIFFERENTIATED STRATEGY FOR GROWTH OUR 5 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES OUR 5 STRATEGIC ENABLERS OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE STRONG BRAND PROPOSITION SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE GROWTH AND MARGIN ACCRETIVE PORTFOLIO LIVING OUR CUSTOMER CENTRIC CULTURE SUPERIOR TECHNOLOGY DISCIPLINED PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT ENERGISING OUR PEOPLE DELIVERING SUSTAINABLE RESULTS EFFECTIVE SALES STRATEGY However there is a price to pay the price of additional complexity in the supply chain particularly around the ongoing and accelerating shift to multitier sourcing. This is not the only driver of complexity. Consumers too are becoming more demanding and selective as they seek greater variety more sustainable and ethically sourced products better customer service faster delivery heightened quality and enhanced value. This in turn has increased competition giving rise to increasing numbers of products and brand choices as well as more trade channels and routes to market. As a result the distribution chain too is becoming evermore complex. This additional complexity in both the supply and the distribution chains is heightening the risk of failure at any number of points and therefore increasing the value for organisations of having granular insight into the risks they face. Our internal data is telling us that the role of Assurance is increasing significantly. Moreover the success that we are deriving from the move into Assurance is providing hard evidence that TQA is what customers want and need. OUR DIFFERENTIATED 5X5 STRATEGY FOR GROWTH The lead already two years in the making is delivering a commercial advantage for Intertek with our TQA Customer Promise lying at the heart of our 5x5 differentiated strategy for growth. Our 5x5 strategy has one overriding objective to move the Intertek centre of gravity towards those sectors of our addressable market that will in years to come deliver both the highest rates of growth and the best available margins. Achieving this aim will accelerate our growth and help us maximise our share of that 250 billion iceberg in the fastest and most efficient way possible. It is by achieving our five mediumtolong term corporate goals that we believe we will measure progress and achieve against this strategy. As we are ultimately a people business whose success depends on the knowledge expertise and commitment of our workforce the first two goals are about our people and our clients.