MEGGITT PLC f Inanc Ial Statement S Annual Report and Accounts 2017 8 StrategIc r ep Ort Tony Wood Chief Executive Chief Executives statement Meggitt is a leading provider of smart engineering for extreme environments. We invest in technologies and capabilities that enable our customers to develop aircraft gas turbines and other complex equipment that has to perform in challenging conditions. Over the last few years investment in our portfolio has enabled us to significantly increase the number and value of Meggitt parts on new platforms that will drive growth for decades. We have focused on improving the service we offer to our customers including the formation of our Customer Services and Support CSS organisation enhancing our competitiveness through the deployment of the Meggitt Production System MPS and building a high performance culture capable of delivering superior returns for shareholders over the medium term. Portfolio In 2017 Meggitt technologies have played a critical role in enabling the first flights of new aircraft such as the Embraer E2 Comac C919 and Saab GripenE and the entry into service of important new platforms including the Boeing 737MAX and Airbus A321neo. Having increased our content on these platforms compared to their predecessors these milestones represent an important step on our journey to increased growth. To enable us to increase share even further on the next generation of aircraft we have continued to prioritise investment in applied research and technology focusing on those areas where we expect both market demand and our competitive position to be strong. One such example is research into advanced thermal systems for ultrahigh bypass engines where we have secured a UK Government grant of 3.7m to build on our deep capability in aerospace heat exchangers. We have also prioritised investment in advanced manufacturing technologies such as our Meggitt Modular Modifiable Manufacturing M 4 initiative and investments in additive manufacturing for aerospace applications. To supplement this focus on technologies where we have strong competitive positions in attractive markets we announced a series of divestments in 2017 which materially reduced our exposure to noncore industrial markets where the technology requirements route to market and operational dynamics are very different to our core aerospace business. In June 2017 we completed the sale of Piher Sensors Controls Piezo Technologies and Meggitt Maryland to Amphenol Corporation. In November 2017 we reached an agreement to sell Thomson Aerospace Defence to Umbra Cuscinetti which is expected to complete in March 2018 once customary regulatory clearances are received. In January 2018 we sold Aviation Mobility to Smart Carte. In aggregate these businesses generated a total of 54m of revenue during 2017. Customers We continued to enhance our ability to support our customers with CSS now in its second full year of operation. During 2017 CSS has secured a number of new contracts to support airlines including Emirates Air France and Vietjet. It has broadened partnerships with MRO integrators such as Lufthansa Technik. And it has secured a series of new distribution agreements with providers such as Aviall and Proponent. At the same time we have continued to evolve our organisation moving more aftermarket activity into our regional hubs in the US UK and Singapore and enhancing our capabilities in areas such as surplus trading. To serve our customers better and accelerate growth we acquired Elite Aerospace in March 2017 which when fully integrated into our aftermarket hub in Miami in 2018 will extend our capability in repair and overhaul of heat transfer pneumatics and hydraulic components for commercial and military aircraft. Such progress is critical as we continue to focus on protecting and growing our share of Meggitt spares and repairs whilst realising the full value of our significant and growing installed base which we have further enhanced during the year with a number of new OE contract awards. The most notable of these is a dual source contract to provide wheels and brakes for the Airbus A321neo. 14 First flights enabled by Meggitt technology in 2017 LOOKING FORWARD STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE OTHER INFORMATION MEGGITT PLC 9 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE StrategIc r ep Ort This strategically significant contract for Meggitt enables us to further demonstrate our capability in the large jet market after the entry into service of the Bombardier CSeries in 2016 equipped with our Ebrake TM technology the industrys second fully electric braking system. In 2017 we have written off an investment of 59.5m following Dassaults cancellation of its Falcon 5X programme due to ongoing problems related to its Silvercrest engine. Programme cancellations are a rare event in the aerospace industry. However Dassault has announced its intention to develop a replacement Falcon with an alternative engine and we are hopeful we will retain our position on the successor aircraft. Competitiveness In 2017 MPS our global approach to continuous improvement has continued to go from strength to strength. It was launched in 2013 to create a sustainable quality and delivery culture that drives competitive advantage beyond our technical expertise and enables the Group to deliver a higher rate of organic growth over the long term. In its fifth year 12 of our 48 sites have now entered the fourth or bronze stage of MPS where the focus turns to realising the financial benefits from improved productivity and lower inventories. In 2017 our focus on inventory reduction resulted in inventory turns increasing from 2.30 to 2.43 and 16m of cash being released from working capital. As we continue to move more of our sites into and beyond the bronze stage over the coming years we expect MPS to make a material contribution to the targets we have set for margin improvement and cash generation.