I look forward to updating all stakeholders on our progress throughout the year. ANNUALREPORT2017 9 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Genel is a highly cash generative business and we expect to continue to generate significant free cash flow throughout 2018. GENEL ENERGY 10 STRATEGIC REPORT OUR DIFFERENTIATED BUSINESS MODEL HOW WE CREATE VALUE We create value by finding and monetising hydrocarbons and generating cash flow. To achieve this we must execute exploration and appraisal campaigns successful MA deliver selective development projects maximise production and free cash flow over the life of field and be prepared to monetise at all points of the cycle. As we do this we leverage our following key strengths The ability to attract a worldclass Board and Management team ensuring a high level of corporate governance and ensuring a robust approach to risk management and strategic planning Longterm strategic thinking allying our goals with those of host governments and partners to build deep and valuable relationships helping to unlock value in complex commercial situations Experience in managing risk in complex areas both technical and geopolitical making portfolio decisions based on a holistic assessment A constant focus on shareholder value with an aim of providing sectorleading returns through organic growth portfolio events and through the building of an asset profile capable of sustaining a longterm dividend OUR BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY Our strategy for the creation of shareholder value The key components of our strategy are below. MAXIMISE THE VALUE OF OUR KRI ASSETS Generating material free cash flow from our KRI oil assets systematically progressing our worldclass gas resources. Oil production from the Tawke Peshkabir and Taq Taq fields generates significant free cash flow and we will continue to maximise this through efficient reservoir management and disciplined capital allocation. Our Bina Bawi and Miran fields provide material upside opportunities with both highvalue oil resources and 15 Tcf of mean raw gas. As we continue our investment in the KRI as a committed partner our asset potential and strong relationships with key regional stakeholders gives us a solid basis for increased value creation. READ MORE P15 MAINTAIN A STRONG BALANCE SHEET Disciplined capital allocation maximising financial flexibility to execute our strategy. A highly cashgenerative portfolio low leverage and disciplined and value driven capital allocation provides us with a robust financial base that is highly resilient to changes in the macroeconomic environment. It also allows us the optionality to benefit from growth opportunities and make value accretive additions to our portfolio. At the appropriate time this paves the way to returning capital to shareholders. READ MORE P22 Genels strategic ambition is to become a worldclass independent EP creator of shareholder value. Our strategic ambition is underpinned by our core strengths a robust and cashgenerative asset portfolio technical and commercial expertise and our ability to leverage regional relationships and manage risk in complex areas. These strengths and capabilities were key drivers behind our excellent performance in 2017 and are transferrable to other regions. With a strong Board and a management team with proven track records of executing strategies and delivering value this provides a significant opportunity. As we deliver on our strategy we place robust corporate governance excellence in HSE and a keen awareness of our place in the community at the heart of everything that we do. We believe that the way we conduct ourselves with host governments and local people is crucial to our success and we strive to deliver in a manner that protects the health and safety of our employees minimises adverse environmental impact and provides benefits to local communities. Our success at value creation is judged as firstquartile performance in total shareholder returns amongst our peer group. BUILD A PORTFOLIO OF HIGH VALUE ASSETS Developing a rich funnel of new opportunities with prudent allocation of capital to the highest return projects. Genel systematically seeks opportunities to leverage our strengths and capabilities utilising our management team members track record in successful MA execution. We aim to add assets that build on the strengths of the current portfolio prioritising areas with low to moderate political risk while retaining a focus on significant cash generation. We are governed by clear investment criteria and our commitment to value creative capital allocation focused on assets that provide the highest returns and enhance the quality of our existing portfolio. READ MORE P8 ANNUALREPORT2017 11 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION 1 GROWING THE RESOURCE BASE Increasing reserves and resources through costeffective development exploration and appraisal campaigns and selective acquisitions. Maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation focused on value creation and capital efficiency investing in a profitable portfolio that is balanced on the riskreward spectrum Key focus Genel continues to prioritise nearterm spend on our KRI production and development assets with only a modest percentage of cashflow spent on exploration. Our exploration strategy targets lowrisk lowcost opportunities and partnerships that derisk higher risk exploration opportunities in the existing portfolio. We draw on our Board and managements significant MA experience with a Company focus on value accretive acquisitions targeting near term cash flow with low to moderate political risk. 2017 activity Successful appraisal work at Peshkabir added 43 MMbbls of gross 2P resources and updated CPRs for Bina Bawi and Miran stated a significant upgrade to the combined 2C gross raw gas resources to 15 Tcf. Technical adjustments also saw a material increase in highvalue oil resources at Bina Bawi. In Africa seismic acquisition was completed in Somaliland with processing now underway. READ MORE P15 2 DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCTION Safely and efficiently deliver development projects for the benefit of both Genel and the communities in which we operate. The key aim is to maximise production of available natural resources over the life of field and generate maximum free cash flow.