Wayne Sheppard Chief Executive Officer 5 March 2018 Group Executive Committee Committee members in addition to Executive Directors Julie Bullock Group HR Director Darren Bowkett Operations Director Ibstock Brick Mark Houghton Managing Director Supreme Concrete Mark Richmond Group Development and Investor Relations Director Greg Silvestri President GlenGery John Lambert Managing Director Forticrete Rob Hardgrave Group Chief Information Officer Ian Tichias Finance Director Ibstock Brick and Forticrete We said We would be reviewing succession planning of Executive and NonExecutive Directors. And we have formed a new Committee as part of our succession planning. Ibstock plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements Other information Business review 2017 proved to be a testing year for a number of reasons. We had reported some slowing in our markets in 2016 leading up to the UKs European Union referendum Brexit but with that event behind us our UK markets showed good resilience in the final quarter of 2016. However economists were generally forecasting significant adverse impacts on our markets for 2017. Despite the uncertainty arising from the referendum in 2016 we entered the year with a plan to sell slightly more than in the previous year our more positive view of our markets supported by customer advice on prospective build volumes. As we moved into the Spring it became clear that our markets had shruggedoff Brexit economic forecasters had been overly pessimistic and our volumes were progressing strongly into the new build sector in particular. We increased our production plans to maximum output from the already high utilisation rates to meet this demand. Our repair maintenance and improvement RMI markets served principally by Ibstock Brick and Supreme Concrete remained stable. During the Summer months demand remained robust and new build products such as bricks and roof tiles moved onto waiting times. With demand exceeding supply during this period some customers did not receive the volumes they wanted when they needed it. Consequently I am very pleased that we still managed to record a small improvement in our overall Net Promoter Score this year. Due to high demand brick imports increased strongly as the year progressed exceeding circa 0.31 billion bricks for the year across the UK market. UK manufacturers sold approximately 2 billion bricks although circa 0.16 billion of this was supplied from existing stocks. In summary the UK market consumed circa 2.4 billion bricks and UK manufacturers manufactured less than 1.9 billion leaving a deficit of circa 0.5 billion bricks that was filled through manufacturer destocking and imports. With this market situation Ibstocks decision to build a new brick factory in Leicestershire providing 100 million bricks of additional supply to the UK market has proven to be a good one. The new factory started making bricks in December 2017 and the first bricks from the plant were sold to customers during early 2018 As the plant is commissioned production efficiency will increase during 2018 and The fundamentals of a housing shortage and strong Government commitment to increase housebuilding remain robust and strongly support our UK businesses. Overall Group performance 2017 presented many challenges to the Group however we performed strongly during the year delivering profits and cash generation in line with managements expectations. Group revenue increased by 4 to 452 million 2016 435 million and Group adjusted EBITDA increased by 7 to 120 million 2016 112 million. A slightly weaker US performance was offset by a stronger performance in the UK driven by improved yearonyear results in both clay and concrete. Revenue KPI 4 452m Adjusted EBITDA KPI 7 120m Group Adjusted EBITDA margin no change 26 UK Clay and Concrete Year ended 31 December 2017 m Year ended 31 December 2016 m Revenue 363 344 Adjusted EBITDA 111 103 Adjusted EBITDA margin 30.5 29.8 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 Ibstock plc as planned we expect the plant to average about half capacity over the year and for 2019 to be the first year at full output. Customers are pleased that this new capacity is coming to market particularly as this is soft mud product where the shortage of UK supply is at its most acute. The new factory has been designed to be able to manufacture bricks in a wide range of styles and thus meet almost all customer specifications. Increased new build housing volumes have also increased the demand for roof tiles and industry demand is often in excess of capacity over the course of a year. Ibstocks investment in new additional roof tile capacity for its Forticrete subsidiary has proven to be timely. As previously reported Forticretes new SL8 and PAN8 tiles are highly innovative and offer improved aesthetics and reduced laying cost to the customer. They have been well received. 2017 was a commissioning year for the new roof tile plant and demand for these new products has often exceeded our growing capacity. Production efficiency levels improved as the year progressed and we reached expected longterm production targets by year end. On this basis we entered 2018 with the plant performing to expectation and providing product into a market showing strong demand growth. We will continue to seek to optimise output from our roofing business as 2018 progresses and further smaller investments to increase capacity particularly for roofing accessories are planned to support the growth of roof tile sales. Forticrete also manufacturers reconstructed stone products that are sold into new build residential markets. Previous investments in walling stone at our Anstone plant and in cast stone at our Thornley plant have ensured that we have sufficient capacity to meet current demand. To meet growing new housing demand our Supreme subsidiary worked hard to improve manufacturing efficiency in the production of concrete lintels and floor beams during the year and this supported good sales growth.