We continually assess the market landscape for this product and it seems clear that there is an increasing emphasis on the continued need for monitoring CD4 levels in people living with HIV particularly those patients with low CD4 counts who are at significant risk of contracting opportunistic infections. The Company has built up relationships with a number of key opinion leaders over the years and so we have a voice that enables us to input into key stakeholder meetings. We have been invited to attend the ninth International AIDS Society Conference on HIV Science IAS 2017 to be held in Paris in late July where VISITECT CD4 will be showcased. Pune manufacturing facility We made a significant amount of progress during the year with our manufacturing facility in Pune India. In January we announced that we received certificates of accreditation from BSI confirming our Quality Management System is compliant with ISO 90012008 and ISO 134852003. In March we confirmed the facility underwent an annual inspection from the Indian FDA confirming that the facility is compliant with GMP processes for manufacturing testing storage and QA and that we were issued with a manufacturing licence which is valid until January 2021. We also announced that we were successful in CEmarking and launching our VISITECT range of malaria tests comprising VISITECT Malaria Pf detection of HRP2 antigen in P. falciparum VISITECT Malaria PfPan detection of P. falciparum nonP. falciparum or mixed infections and VISITECT Malaria PfPv detection and differentiation of P. falciparum and P. vivax. These products are currently available for general sale through businesstobusiness channels in those countries which do not require individual product registration and we are in the process of being evaluated for additional regulatory approvals to enable the Company to participate in higher volume tender business. We are also in the process of evaluating additional rapid tests for dengue syphilis leptospirosis brucella and S. typhi. Allergy automation In October last year we reported that we CEmarked our initial Allersys launch panel comprising 41 allergens. Since October we have optimised a further eleven allergens and these are currently undergoing their claim support work which should enable us to add them to the menu of tests available for sale. Two initiatives will help support the ongoing work to extend the menu beyond the initial launch panel ensuring we enhance our product offering on a continuous basis. Firstly in August last year we secured a Scottish Enterprise research and development grant of 1.8 million and this has enabled us to accelerate recruitment of skilled project managers and leaders into the scientific team. Secondly we have invested in creating our own inhouse protein purification capability which will help in the optimisation programme of certain allergens that require a higher degree of characterisation to match the performance of the market leader. David Evans Nonexecutive Chairman I am pleased to be able to report progress on a number of activities within our operations which I have outlined below www.omegadiagnostics.com Annual Report and Group Financial Statements 2017 05 Strategic Report Our commercialisation objectives are closely aligned with our partner company IDS which is the manufacturer of the automated instrument over which we have exclusive rights to develop and sell our allergy tests. We have explored a number of routes in the last year on how best to take the partnership forward. Whilst IDS previously expressed an interest in acquiring the allergy business we both subsequently concluded that our mutual objectives were better served with an enlarged distribution model. I believe we have now agreed the main outline terms which should enable the formal contract negotiations to proceed and we thank shareholders for their patience during this process. Core business Our core business is divided into our three main areas of operation comprising Food intolerance Allergy and autoimmune and Infectious disease. Our strategic aims are to ensure that we can drive good growth across all three sectors in a way that achieves a balance such that we are not overreliant on any single sector. I have already outlined initiatives that support growth in Allergy and autoimmune and Infectious disease. We believe there are further significant opportunities for growth in Food intolerance and have made progress in North America where customers are evaluating our products. In China we are in advanced discussions with a partner company which could provide access to a large market which is increasingly aware of Food intolerance testing products and services. In relation to our Food Detective product the Company has been in discussions this year with our notified body Lloyds Register Quality Assurance LRQA regarding use of the selftest version of the kit. The Company has agreed a timescale to complete some corrective actions to LRQAs satisfaction. In the event that we are unable to achieve this the CE mark for the selftest kit will be suspended for a period of time which would have a modest impact on revenues and profits. Financial performance Group revenue grew by 12 to 14.2 million 2016 12.7 million with growth in revenue across all three business sectors. As a predominantly export business we benefited from a weaker sterling throughout the year which added 1.1 million to reported revenues 2016 0.2 million. On a constant currency basis revenue would have been ahead of last year by 3. Gross profit increased to 9.2 million 2016 8.1 million with an increase in gross profit margin to 64.7 2016 63.8. Adjusted profit before tax statutory profit before tax of 0.7 million with add backs for amortisation of intangible assets sharebased payment charges and IFRSrelated discount charges was 1.1 million 2016 1.3 million and adjusted earnings per share were 1.1 pence 2016 1.2 pence the small reduction reflecting an increase in overhead expenditure compared to the previous year. Statutory earnings per share were 0.7 pence 2016 0.5 pence.