We will provide a no pressure customer experience. We will prepare your vehicle to the Motorpoint Standard. We will offer excellent service before during and after your purchase. We will actively resolve any questions or issues you may have. We will work hard to remain the Car Buyers Champion by offering unrivalled Choice Value and Service. Our Core Values We deliver happiness and inspire all around us. We create team spirit through positivity support feedback and fun. We actively communicate by listening and sharing information with others. We are adventurous by embracing change and challenging the status quo. We take responsibility and act with honesty and integrity. We are passionate determined and proud of what we do. Our Team Member Commitments We will be open minded and approachable. We will encourage positive team spirit. We will provide a safe working environment. We will provide industry leading training and development. We will communicate all internal vacancies regularly and promote from within where possible. We will be passionate about delivering happiness to our team members. Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 9 CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT The Group continued to make progress during the year particularly in the second half and I am encouraged by the performance of our two new sites opened during the year. MARK CARPENTER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER KEY ACHIEVEMENTS OVER THE LAST 12 MONTHS Castleford opening On 1 April 2016 our 10th site in Castleford opened serving the Yorkshire market. Market listing On 13 May 2016 the Company was listed on the London Stock Exchange. Oldbury opening On 1 July 2016 our second site in the West Midlands opened our 11th site to open. New website launched Our new website was launched in the period improving our natural search positions and enhancing user experience. Q1 Q2 10 Motorpoint Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Overview I am pleased to report our first full year results following our listing on the premium segment of the London Stock Exchange in May 2016. Despite a challenging first half of the year the Group delivered an improved trading performance in the second half and Group revenue for the year increased by 12.7 to 822.0m FY16 729.2m. During the year we opened two new retail sites Castleford in April 2016 and Oldbury in July 2016 increasing our number of sites to 11. These sites are trading on plan and complement the Groups existing footprint. During Q4 we completed the substantial preparation work for our 12th site in Sheffield which opened in April 2017. Customer satisfaction remains a key priority for the Group and we measure this using NPS. I am pleased that this has increased during FY17 from 72 to 77 reflecting the continued hard work of our colleagues. Our Focus on Team Our passionate focus on developing our team is the driving force of our long term success with a high proportion of our team internally promoted. We are constantly developing our talent with several Talent Management and Leadership programmes running at one time. We listen to our people through surveys and forums and we communicate openly and honestly with our team. Our team is the best source for new ideas that lead to new initiatives and fuel our future growth. We are leaders in people development and we are convinced this will maintain our differentiated style from the rest of the car retail industry and be a major driver of our continued success. Talent Management Programme Our Talent Management programme is available to all of our team who show leadership potential and ambition. Now in its third year the programme supports our focus on putting the team first by developing those high potential employees into future Senior Managers. The programme is designed to identify and develop key talent who are then able to take key roles across the business and encourage an everrising bar of leadership behaviours. Our business relies on having the right person in the right role at the right time by building a pool of talented employees we are able to offer new opportunities and career progression. We are also better placed to retain our most talented employees and thereby reduce staff turnover. In the three and a half years since the programmes inception it has seen 38 of our team attend with 22 of those having been promoted into a new position once involved in the programme. We are proud of our culture and commitment to developing our existing people. Investing to Support our Growth To support our strategic vision for growth we are continuing to invest in better use of data across the business. We are building our capability in stock marketing and customer relationship management with new initiatives underway to prepare for the next phase of growth. We remain objective in our new site approach balancing the growth opportunity with the need to ensure that new sites are given enough support to build their teams and customer offer. For the year ahead we will continue to support the most recent site openings in order to build the strong foundation that will position us well in the future and at the same time ensure that we continue our growth from existing sites. NextGear partnership for A4C Our online auction platform to dispose of nonretail cars is now supported by NextGear. Sunday Times Top 100 Employer The business was included in the Sunday Times 100 Best Companies for the third year in a row. FCA permissions for warranty We were fully authorised and regulated by the FCA for the sale of general insurance products from 1 December 2016. New lower finance rate Our finance offering to our customers was made more competitive in the period which has increased customer takeup.