The Board remains optimistic in its outlook for the Company and looks forward to the future with confidence. Paul Roy Chairman 15 May 2017 A track record of delivery Funds From Operations 58.2m FY16 47.1m T otal dividend per share 23.0p FY16 18.5p FFO per share 24.9p FY16 26.6p Assets under management 1.3bn FY16 1.1bn 13 NewRiver REIT plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT Focused strategy delivering growing cash profits Our Executive Committee CHIEF EXECUTIVES STRATEGIC REVIEW Our convenienceled communityfocused retail leisure portfolio has proved wellpositioned in what has been an uncertain twelve months at the macro economic and political levels. This has been another outstanding year for NewRiver which is reflected in a strong set of full year results. These results also demonstrate that our focused business model which we have strictly adhered to since our IPO is clearly working well. Our convenienceled communityfocused retail and leisure portfolio has proved wellpositioned and wellplaced in what has been an uncertain twelve months at the macro economic and political levels. As a business we have maintained our disciplined approach to stock selection remained active asset managers progressed our riskcontrolled development pipeline and recycled capital profitably all of which has allowed us to continue to deliver growing and sustainable cash profits to our shareholders. Our Funds From Operations FFO of 58.2 million were up 24 compared to the same period last year due to acquisitions made in the last 12 months as well as our highly active asset management programme. The Board recently approved a final quarterly dividend of 5.0 pence per share resulting in a fully covered ordinary dividend for the year of 20.0 pence per share up over 8 compared to last year. We are delighted to announce an additional 3.0 pence per share special dividend linked to our acquisition in Sheffield taking the total dividend for the year to 23.0 pence per share an increase of 24. This special dividend demonstrates our commitment to continue to distribute growing cash returns to our shareholders. Looking ahead the increase in our Q1 FY18 dividend to 5.25 pence per share an increase of 5 on Q1 FY17 reflects our confidence in the security and sustainability of our cash flows. Our assets under management now stand at 1.3 billion 1.1 billion at NewRivers share with our EPRA net asset value per share down marginally by 3 pence to 292 pence reflecting the absorption of acquisition costs and Main Market move costs as well as a small 0.6 reduction in portfolio valuation. Importantly this reduction came in the first half of our financial year when real estate values were David Lockhart Chief Executive Officer Mark Davies Chief Financial Officer Nick Sewell Executive Committee member Allan Lockhart Property Director 14 NewRiver REIT plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 impacted by Brexit fears and our valuations showed improvement in the second half Our IFRS net assets have decreased by 0.8 due principally to the same factors. During the year we completed acquisitions totalling 158 million at an equivalent yield of 7.2. In April 2016 we completed our largest acquisition to date buying the Broadway Shopping Centre and Broadway Square Retail Park in Bexleyheath South East London for 120 million at a blended equivalent yield of 7.0. We have been active in the year since acquisition improving rental tone in the shopping centre by 15 and working in partnership with the London Borough of Bexley to design a masterplan for the shopping centre retail park and surrounding council owned land. In April 2017 following a comprehensive fit out London based Morleys Department Stores opened at the centre in the 40000 sq ft unit formerly occupied by BHS. The opening of this new store has been a real success for Morleys and we have benefitted from increased footfall across the rest of the shopping centre. We completed the acquisition of Cuckoo Bridge Retail Park in Dumfries in June 2016 in an offmarket transaction for 20 million. At the time of acquisition we identified several opportunities to drive income and capital growth by improving the occupier lineup and have agreed heads of terms with a fashion homeware occupier to introduce a 20000 sq ft full line store subject to obtaining planning consent which is anticipated in the next few months. In September 2016 we moved quickly to acquire a retail warehouse in Sheffield from an openended property fund for 18 million. As we completed the acquisition we exchanged contracts with the occupier to accept a surrender premium of up to 12.25 million by May 2017 meaning that in essence we acquired a 110000 sq ft prominently located retail warehouse on an 11 acre site for a net price of 6 million. In March 2017 having moved into advanced negotiations with a number of potential occupiers and purchasers we requested and received the surrender premium having received rent in the interim the majority of which we are paying to our shareholders as a 3.0 pence per share special dividend. Pleasingly the asset has been independently valued at 50 more than our net purchase price. Across our retail portfolio we continued our track record of strong and improving operational metrics with the increase in occupancy from 96 in March 2016 to 97 in March 2017 reflecting the compelling nature of our convenienceled communityfocused portfolio to occupiers. Our highly active approach to asset management resulted in the completion of more than 300 new lettings and renewals with long term deals completed on terms 3.9 ahead of ERV. Importantly our rents remain affordable for our occupiers at 12.45 per sq ft on average. The combination of our high occupancy and affordable average rents indicates to us that retailers are trading profitably at our assets underpinning the sustainability of our income.