THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 STRATEGIC REPORT TRANSFORMING OUR OPPORTUNITY FOR GROWTH The strategic alliance that we signed in September with Expedia outsourcing our city and domestic hotels business and using Expedia technology will transform the way in which we work. By attracting one of the best operators in the travel industry we will be able to offer a much greater choice to customers at lower cost and complexity to us. This in turn will allow us to focus on holidays to our ownbrand and selected partner hotels in sun beach destinations where we know we can really set ourselves apart from the competition. Our partnership with LMEY reinforces that strategy paving the way for the creation of a joint hotel investment platform which will enable us to super charge our portfolio of ownbrand hotels and resorts. This will give customers an even greater choice of highquality hotels to suit their needs hotels that are unique to Thomas Cook and achieve higher levels of customer satisfaction and earn better margins than the portfolio average. Another example of a successful partnership is Thomas Cook China our joint venture with Fosun which is growing fast in a rapidly expanding market taking 20000 bookings in its first year of operations. Our focus on developing strong partnerships with big technology led players in the Chinese market like Alibaba gives us access to a big customer base while our tailored holiday offering means we can differentiate ourselves in a competitive environment. Meanwhile the launch of Thomas Cook Money builds on our long heritage in financial services to offer customers across our source markets new and simpler ways to plan save borrow and spend their holiday money all supported by innovative easytouse technology. Each of these developments represent an important step forward in delivering our strategy for profitable growth. Taken together they transform the opportunity ahead for the Group. CARE Of course the big strategic moves are only relevant if we continue to do all we can to ensure that every customer has the best experience on holiday with Thomas Cook. It is here where I believe that we have the biggest opportunity to differentiate our holidays from the competition in the care and the reassurance that we provide. In the last year we have extended our 24Hour Hotel Satisfaction Promise to more than 2000 hotels giving 80 of customers who book a sun beach holiday with Thomas Cook the reassurance that if a hotel is not as we described it we will sort out the issue or offer to move the customer to another hotel of the same standard within 24 hours. This represented a bold move when we introduced it for summer 2016 one which is now paying off with customer satisfaction on average 12 points higher in those hotels with the 24Hour Hotel Satisfaction Promise than the rest of the portfolio. We continue to innovate to broaden our appeal and increase customers ability to personalise their holiday with the launch of a Choose Your Room option. Available in 300 of our core hotels for summer 2018 this is another industry first for a traditional tour operating business and shows how we are evolving to capture greater opportunities. Another area where we have made big changes is in the way in which we talk about risk to customers. We operate in a market where disruption whether from natural disaster political changes or terror attacks can affect many of our customers and our operations. We are not a security company but we know that what we can do is to be as transparent as possible about potential risks whether thats through customerfriendly blogs or clear links to the latest government advice so that the customer can make up their own mind about whether to travel. I am proud of how far we have come. STRATEGIC REPORT THOMAS COOK GROUP PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 We have also taken a leading role in bringing the industry together on the issue of health and safety. In September the Safer Tourism Foundation the independent charity we set up with Sharon Wood the mother of Christi and Bobby Shepherd launched a pledge which articulates a new approach to customer health and safety within the industry. This has already been signed by seven major travel companies in a move that we believe will promote greater collaboration to achieve practical change for the benefit of all customers. In our UK business we have faced a specific issue this year related to a dramatic surge in illness compensation claims many of which we believe to be fraudulent. Our presence in destination through our resort teams and our rigorous focus on hotel quality means we are continually improving standards and can take care of those who fall ill but we must also protect our customers from dishonest illness claims which threaten the price and availability of allinclusive holidays. We have made good progress highlighting these false claims in the courts in the media and to government which we hope will lead to substantive changes in legislation including the way the claims industry is regulated in time for summer next year. We know that our approach to care needs also to encompass the wider environment in which we operate at home and abroad. To this end this year we introduced a new animal welfare policy becoming the first major travel company to commit to remove from sale any animal attraction that is found not to be fully compliant with the ABTA Global Welfare Guidance for Animals in Tourism. This is a bold step which demonstrates our commitment to change. CONTACT Our customer focus also extends to developing direct contact with customers in order to strengthen our relationships and provide more personalised services.