GROUP OVERVIEW The distinct strategies of our Travel and High Street businesses have been successful in driving profit growth and creating shareholder value underpinned by our disciplined approach to cash generation and capital allocation. In Travel we aim to deliver high levels of revenue and profit growth and good cash generation. We seek to achieve this by driving likeforlike revenue growth in existing stores through improved execution and service investment in store environments and layouts a forensic store by store focus on retail space and category management winning new space and developing new formats in the UK. In International Travel we aim to expand profitably by winning new tenders and retaining existing space building critical mass in our emerging hubs driving likeforlike sales in existing stores and by executing the same retail and operational disciplines and insights as we do in the UK. In High Street we aim to deliver sustainable profit growth and as we do in Travel good cash generation in a constantly changing consumer environment. We seek to do this by adopting a forensic store by store focus on retail space management to optimise the returns from our core categories driving margin growth through category mix management reducing our cost base to reflect our changing sales profile and productivity initiatives and creating value from our assets including third party partnerships that enhance the customer offer. Group profit from trading operations 1 increased by six per cent on the prior year to 158m and the Group generated Group profit before tax of 140m 2016 131m an increase of seven per cent on the prior year. Total Group revenue was up two per cent at 1234m 2016 1212m with likeforlike 2 revenue flat compared to last year. Travel revenue was up nine per cent on 2016 at 624m of which three per cent relates to forex benefits and up four per cent on a likeforlike basis reflecting investment in our key initiatives and improved passenger numbers. Compared to last year High Street revenue was down five per cent at 610m and down four per cent on a likeforlike basis. Chief Executives review Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements Other information 09 Travel delivered a strong revenue performance across all channels with trading profit 1 increasing by ten per cent to 96m including 9m 2016 7m from our growing International business. Travel now represents over 60 per cent of Group profit from trading operations. We continue to invest in the business and we opened 15 new units in the UK during the year taking us to a total of 582 units in the UK. During the year we won a further 41 units in our International business including a significant win in Changi Airport in Singapore in the first half of the year and our first stores in Italy in the second half making a total of 273 international units won of which 233 are open. High Street delivered another good performance matching a particularly strong profit performance from last year. As expected trading profit 1 was 62m. We saw a good gross margin performance and costs were tightly controlled. Cost savings of 12m were delivered in the year. An additional 9m of cost savings have been identified over the next three years making a total of 18m of which 9m are planned for 201718. Diluted earnings per share increased by ten per cent to 103.6p 2016 93.9p. This reflects the increase in profit and a lower basic weighted average number of shares in issue following the share buyback. The Group remains highly cash generative and has a strong balance sheet. Net funds were 4m at 31 August 2017 2016 7m with a Group free cash flow 3 of 105m 2016 108m. The Group has a committed revolving credit working capital facility of 140m through to December 2021. We completed 41m of the share buyback announced on 13 October 2016 and on 12 October 2017 we announced a further return of cash to shareholders of up to 50m through a rolling onmarket share buyback programme. The Board has proposed a final dividend of 33.6p per share a ten per cent increase on last year giving a total dividend per ordinary share of 48.2p a ten per cent increase on the prior year. The proposed increase in final dividend reflects our progressive dividend policy the Boards confidence in the future prospects of the Group and the strong cash generative nature of the business. The annual dividend has now increased every year since demerger from 11.8p in 2007 to 48.2p for 2017. Both the Travel and High Street businesses are cash generative and we allocate our capital efficiently investing in the business and new opportunities where we can achieve an attractive return ahead of our cost of capital capital expenditure in the year was 48m and making appropriate acquisitions whilst consistently growing dividends and returning cash to shareholders as part of our longterm strategy to create value for shareholders. Since our 2007 financial year including the share buyback announced on 12 October 2017 and the proposed final dividend we will have returned over 900m of cash to shareholders increased the dividend each year and reduced our issued share capital by 40 per cent. 1 Group profit from trading operations and High Street and Travel trading profit are stated after directly attributable sharebased payment and pension service charges and before unallocated costs finance costs and taxation. See Note 2 to the financial statements Segmental analysis of results on page 75 and Glossary on page 105 for an explanation of the Groups alternative performance measures. 2 Likeforlike revenue is calculated on stores with a similar selling space that have been open for more than a year constant currency basis. See Glossary on page 105 for an explanation of the Groups alternative performance measures.