This aligns our business with the challenges that our clients face and it follows the planned divestment of the Advertising Intelligence business. On behalf of the Board I must thank everyone who works at Ebiquity for the great commitment they show in deploying their skills for the benefit of our clients. I would also like to thank my Board colleagues and welcome Rob Woodward my successor to Ebiquity. Rob has a set of skills and experience ideally suited to our business as well as to todays opportunities and challenges. Ebiquity is now wellpositioned at the heart of the marketing industry. We have a significant opportunity to deploy our experience skills and talent for our clients benefit from our uniquely independent position. Michael Higgins NonExecutive Chairman 21 March 2018 Strategic report Corporate governance Financial statements 7 Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 Ebiquity plc Strategic report Market overview Marketing continues to experience a period of constant change and dynamic innovation. Driven by a change in consumer behaviour the ongoing and incremental opportunities that digital tools technologies and social media platforms can offer marketers can find it hard to keep up with this relentless pace of change. It can feel as if theyre running to stand still. The rewards for getting it right can be huge but the risks of getting it wrong mean the role of the Chief Marketing Officer CMO has never been more challenging. At the same time CMO tenure is one of the shortest in the Csuite. Among bigspending consumer brands CMOs are in post for threeandahalf years. Thats two years less than typical CFOs and less than half as long as CEOs The Wall Street Journal recently reported 1. Marketing leaders are faced with the paradox of needing to achieve more but having less time in which to do it. As a result executions in promising but niche areas can often capture marketers attention. At times too much activity is focused on shortterm tactical wins. This is at the expense of strategic marketing that delivers business impact and real and tangible return on investment. In addition to marketers growing desire for media transparency across partners and suppliers we believe that this change in attitudes and behaviour is driven by three further interconnected trends. First Heightened scrutiny of digital marketing performance. It is undeniable that digital advertising was given too much of a free pass as it developed. Many brands overinvested with insufficient emphasis on ROI. The exponential increase in data algorithms and data processing power are now being harnessed by some leading brands to measure what matters. Second Evermore complexity in both technology and data. Before digital advertising there were typically just agencies and publishers between brands and their customers. Today there are dozens of different links in the transactional chain the World Federation of Advertisers WFA estimates as many as 50. This poses obvious challenges to marketers looking to run impactful campaigns but the new ecosystem also offers the potential for transformational returns for those who get it right. Third Increased focus on evidence based marketing particularly in leveraging data to drive better customer experiences and enhanced marketing performance. Todays marketers operate in a paradoxical environment where its never been more challenging and at the same time never more possible to use data to drive evidencebased decisionmaking. Todays marketing ecosystem is complex at times confusing and often opaque. It has never been more challenging to be an effective marketer or marketing procurement professional. Over the last 12 months several marketers have started to get more involved in the details of how their marketing spend is allocated. Some very wellknown highprofile marketers are taking the lead on the issues that have held the industry back during digital advertisings teenage years. Principal among these issues has been media transparency. And following the lead of the two marketers with the worlds biggest budgets PGs Marc Pritchard and Unilevers Keith Weed the global marketing community is now routinely putting transparency high on the agenda. 8 Ebiquity plc Annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 1. httpon.wsj.com2nRrF7g 2. httpbit.ly2FwEX1h My guess is that the biggest challenge for marketers this year will be GDPR. If 2017 was the year of digital media transparency then 2018 may well be the year of data transparency and ensuring that all of our data is kept safe and secure. David Wheldon president of the WFA It is undeniable that the dominant theme of marketing in 2017 was media transparency. The practical steps that everyone can take to secure greater transparency governed the tone and content of the debate. With reference to the arrival of the EUs General Data Protection Regulation in May of this year the president of the WFA David Wheldon said in January 2018 2 At Ebiquity we agree with Davids analysis but would go further. Our role indeed our declared purpose at Ebiquity is creating clarity for our clients. This means ensuring that marketers work with their partners to choose the level of transparency which is right for them. It means subjecting digital marketing to evergreater scrutiny. It means harnessing advances in technology and data for their advantage. And it means taking an evidencebased approach to measurement and evaluation. It is encouraging to hear Marc Pritchard in his recent address at ISBA put increased focus on data and analytics but change will take time in an industry obsessed with shiny new objects often at the expense of employing rigour to drive real business impact. The media industry in general and digital media in particular will never truly become simple and straightforward and the issues that have dogged marketing for many years from ad misplacement to fraud from brand safety to nonhuman traffic wont disappear overnight. It is encouraging that the industry is taking steps in the right direction but we firmly believe that there is much more that needs to be done.