These were largely driven by charges for International store closures and for the changes to pay and pensions. While pro ts were signi cantly down I continue to believe in good cash management a robust balance sheet and a progressive dividend policy. We know how important our dividend is to shareholders big and small. Read more in the Financial Review on p2629 OUR CHAIRMAN Our Chairman Robert Swannell has announced that he will step down in September. On behalf of all of us at MS I wish Robert well. He has overseen signi cant change at MS. Our infrastructure now provides a strong platform for growth and Robert has been instrumental in driving shareholder engagement good governance and succession planning. He has also been a tremendous support to me personally over the last year. On behalf of the whole business I would like to welcome Roberts successor Archie Norman. LOOKING AHEAD My priorities for the year ahead are to continue to recover and grow Clothing Home and to grow our Food business. I will also establish the foundations for new paths to growth. In the UK these will focus on areas of market share opportunity in Kidswear Footwear Home and Beauty. Internationally we will explore new territories with our franchise partners. And I will continue to develop talent within the organisation. It continues to be a privilege to lead this fantastic company. Our job as a retailer is quite simple we must off er customers great products at the right price in physical or digital environments that they enjoy with great service. If we do this they will come back to us for more. But to do this yearin yearout we must constantly adapt. We must adapt both to stay in tune with our customers needs and in the way we sell our products. Shopping habits wont stop changing so neither must we. As Chief Executive I want to make MS agile and exible enough to change with our customers. I want to see the end of big transformation programmes followed by years of standing still followed by yet more transformation. Remaining relevant should be a continuous process. By simplifying how we do things and really listening to our customers weve already become more agile this year. By rationalising our Clothing ranges and reshaping our store portfolio weve started to put this agility into practice. In doing this weve built a solid foundation for growth. We must never stop adapting our business for our customers. Nothing makes me prouder of the work our teams do than hearing from our customers and what they love about MS. Those customers are the reason were here. They will remain at the heart of everything we do. STEVE ROWE CHIEF EXECUTIVE Steve Rowe Chief Executive Paul Friston International Director Andy Adcock Food Director Jo Jenkins Womenswear Lingerie Beauty Director Sacha Berendji Retail Director Helen Weir Chief Finance Offi cer Patrick BousquetChavanne Executive Director Customer Marketing MS.com Dominic Fry Communications Investor Relations Director Amanda Mellor Group Secretary and Head of Corporate Governance David Guise Human Resources Director OPERATING COMMITTEE 12 MARKS AND SPENCER GROUP PLC STRATEGIC REPORT OUR RESOURCES RELATIONSHIPS We create longterm value through the eff ective use of our resources and relationships. We manage these in line with our core values of Inspiration Innovation Integrity and In Touch. These values in uence how we behave and they run through everything we do they make the MS diff erence making every moment special through the products and services we off er our customers in the UK and internationally. OUR PRODUCTS CHANNELS Maintaining our channels and supply chain infrastructure to meet customer demand OUR INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL Strengthening our brand through creation and protection of our intellectual property FINANCIAL Generating returns for our stakeholders through eff ective management of our nancial resources THE MS DIFFERENCE CREATING SUSTAINABLE VALUE OUR BUSINESS 1 LISTEN RESPOND 2 STRATEGY PLANNING 3 DEVELOP DESIGN Activities By fostering talent and encouraging entrepreneurialism among our people we can continue to develop high quality products for our customers. Our product developers are experts in their elds whether they are food technologists or experienced tailors. Our food innovation sets us apart and with talent ranging from Michelintrained chefs to Masters of Wine our Food team is among the best in the business. We now design 68 of our clothing ranges inhouse and buy our clothes by product category rather than subbrand. Outcome The talent in our Food team underpins the innovation that our customers love. By developing and designing clothing inhouse we have reduced product proliferation designed ranges characterised by a more consistent colour palette and re ned our quality through improved t upgraded fabric and better nishes. Activities Effi cient implementation of our strategy is key. This year changes to our organisational structure saw us streamline our senior management team and bring each channels merchandising operations together increasing effi ciency. We also revised our operating model which will give our two business units Clothing Home and Food clear pro t and loss accountability. Through our Smarter Working programme we created a new technology hub which will rollout signi cant technology improvements to increase our digital savviness across the business. Outcome Successfully implementing our strategy allows us to improve our nancial performance through increased pro ts and strengthened cash ow. Activities Our customers are at the heart of everything we do and our strategy today is more customerfocused than ever before. By understanding what drives their behaviour both within MS and externally we can ensure we work to deliver the products and experiences that customers want. This year we strengthened the data and analytics team within our Customer Insight Unit CIU which gathers and interprets customer data as well as a wealth of external sources. The CIU then ensures that its insights are used across our business units.