We continue to build towards becoming a significant selfsustaining business and look forward to further progress in the coming period in delivering on the potential of our model. Sam Williams Interim Chairman 14 December 2017 We are passionate about finding better ways of discovering drugs. C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 04 Strategic report CEOs statement Clive Dix Chief Executive Officer This has been an important year for C4XD in implementing our vision as we have progressed our pipeline towards commercialisation replenished our pipeline with new discovery programmes and raised the capital required to support our strategy. Commercialisation During the fundraise in March 2017 we stated that we fully expected to complete our first commercial deal within 12 months of that date. We believe and understand that this is a crucial element of successful implementation of our business model. We continue to believe that this important milestone will be met. Our lead programme Orexin1 aims to treat addiction by targeting the craving process itself and therefore can be applied across a broad range of substance disorders. We have continued to build our preclinical data package including the recent presentation of data at Neuroscience 2017 in Washington DC. We have seen high levels of preclinical partnering interest and have entered into late stage commercial discussions Forming strategic alliances Last year we announced we would no longer continue providing any feeforservice capabilities choosing instead to seek longerterm risksharing strategic alliances. In September 2016 we entered a new multitarget risksharing strategic collaboration with Evotec AG Evotec a leading drug discovery and development alliance company. This deal enables us to increase the output of our engine whilst reducing risk and cost. Alongside our own proprietary suite of cuttingedge technologies the alliance with Evotec will expand our ability to generate commercially attractive preclinical assets to meet the pharmaceutical industrys increasing demand for high quality early stage drug candidates. We will continue to seek similar valueadding alliances. Successful fundraises In September 2016 we completed a 5 million fundraise at 102 pence per share bringing in several new investors including Calculus Capital Limited and Polar Capital LLP. In March 2017 we completed a 7.0 million fundraise at 85 pence per share bringing in several new investors including Legal General and Hargreave Hale which have strong track records in investing in the life science sector. This new cash enables us to progress and add to our preclinical pipeline and provides working capital for operations. Building our discovery portfolio We are constantly building our portfolio and will continue to invest into C4XD s core discovery activities in order to support our ambitions. Over the past 12 months key drug discovery programmes in addiction and inflammation have advanced and our Taxonomy3 DNAbased target discovery technology continues to produce novel target data in a number of commercially valuable disease areas. These targets can be addressed through our drug design platform including our Conformetrix and MolPlex chemistry technologies. Critically robust scientific and commercial intelligence gathering continues to drive selection criteria for inclusion in our portfolio. Outlook C4XD s strategy is delivering value for our shareholders and positioning us well to achieve our ambitions in drug discovery. The next year will continue to focus on securing deal revenue from the commercial discussions initiated this year progressing our discovery candidates to preclinical development and commercialisation and continuing to replenish and build the pipeline by identifying novel and exciting drug targets. I am excited about what we can achieve and I look forward to sharing this journey with you. We have a complete range of tools to discover novel compounds and pioneer new disruptive approaches to drug discovery. Strategic report 05 C4X DISCOVERY HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 WWW.C4XDISCOVERY.COM CEOs statement continued Clive Dix Chief Executive Officer Drug Discovery Engine and portfolio review Neuroscience addiction and neurodegeneration Oral Orexin1 Receptor Antagonist Programme Our most advanced drug discovery programme aims to provide a novel oral medicine for addictionsubstance use disorders a substantial area of unmet medical need forecast to be worth an estimated 13 billion per annum by 2018 1. Our preclinical candidate molecule an oral selective Orexin1 receptor antagonist remains on schedule to be ready for clinical development by the end of 2017. Following completion of a successful 4.2Kg GMP manufacturing campaign of drug substance the inlife phase of the pivotal GLP toxicology studies have been completed with the subsequent pathological analysis in progress. The preclinical profile of this candidate was recently presented at the annual conference organised by the Society for Neuroscience in Washington DC in November and was well received. This was the first scientific presentation of our candidate highlighting its strong efficacy in preclinical models of nicotine addiction. The Orexin1 receptor is considered to be central to the brain s craving and reward pathways with preclinical efficacy observed in multiple addiction models. In a recently conducted preclinical pilot study C4XD s candidate attenuated cocaineinduced brain dopamine elevation supporting its potential in this important therapeutic area and adding to the compelling preclinical data already achieved in nicotine addiction. The most advanced Orexin1 antagonist currently in development was discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd Actelion and following the acquisition of this company by Johnson Johnson in 2017 for its advanced clinical portfolio is now being developed by Idorsia Ltd. Recently the Orexin1 pathway has also been strongly linked with the treatment of anxiety and it appears that this may be the focus of Idorsia s programme. Idorsia has completed the Phase 1 clinical study with this molecule in 2017 but not yet announced a Phase 2 study and so C4XD s programme remains very attractive and competitive. As a result and in line with our stated goal late stage commercial discussions are underway.