This was reflected in the outperformance of fashion during the year including the growth of our runway collections and the successful introduction of our new lightweight tropical gabardine. 13 Strategic Report Introduction All this is being enabled by changes to how we work across our product functions to improve collaboration and focus from design to delivery. Part of this has been structural with the evolution of our organisational model towards an endtoend category management approach meaning we are building crossfunctional teams specific to the potential of each category with shared accountability and KPIs. And we are reinforcing these structural changes by redesigning our processes as needed for example getting local input earlier in the cycle. This is a significant evolution for us and although the changes will take time to embed we are already seeing early benefits across our business. The final area I would highlight in respect of product is the announcement we made just after the year end of a new partnership with Coty to accelerate the growth of Beauty. Consistent with our drive for greater focus across our product offer this follows the successful repositioning and elevation of the business over four years of direct operation. Looking ahead we will continue to lead all creative aspects of Beauty while benefiting from Cotys firstclass industry expertise and distribution. We will transition to this new model in October 2017 and expect the deal to be earnings accretive from 201819. Productive Space Our second pillar is to move from new space to productive space. Following a decade of geographic expansion our focus in this next phase is shifting to how we make all our space more productive retail and wholesale online and offline and with an emphasis on our fullprice channels. We have significant opportunity here. The foundation of our activity over the past year has been our Retail Excellence programme covering all aspects of our retail operations including how we serve our customers approach customer cultivation and manage our stores. Results this year show good early traction. Within service we increased our investment in training and introduced a new service model CLIENT and we are currently embedding a new global customer feedback programme based on net promoter scores. These actions helped drive improvements in conversion and retention globally with room for continued growth. Within cultivation we accelerated the expansion of our Customer Value Management programme and Private Client teams to bring more customers closer to our brand and products through appointments events and experiences. This richer more personalised approach drove a significant uplift in repeat business in the year. Finally within operations investments in areas including point of sale systems and new staff scheduling tools drove improvements as we seek to standardise and simplify our processes globally. A standout area of progress here was our omnichannel programme which has significantly increased the amount of product available to our online customers by enabling us to fulfil ecommerce orders from store stock. Alongside this initial emphasis on our retail business we are sharpening our focus on how we inspire customers more consistently across channels not least working closely with our wholesale partners to create a stronger more carefully curated Burberry offer globally. With scope to accelerate this activity to drive stillgreater coherence and support brand perception this is important work for the future. Ecommerce Leadership Through early investment and focus we have established a leading position in digital in our industry with more than 48 million followers on social media worldwide and a Genius ranking from the influential thinktank L2. We aim to consolidate this leadership position over the coming years while deploying it more assertively to drive online sales on our own website and through third parties. From enabling seamless customer journeys across digital platforms to using technology to service our customers in stores and critically linking these online and offline worlds we are wellplaced to extend our leadership in this area. The evolution of Burberry.com was a key focus during the year. The relaunch of the global site on mobile and desktop offered customers a richer brand experience at the same time as better functionality improving conversion on both platforms and driving mobile to nearly 60 of our online traffic. Meanwhile the redesign of our China site to tailor it more effectively to local preferences and behaviours drove increases of around 70 in directtoconsumer sales while giving valuable insights for our overall site development for the future. Finally we softlaunched our new customer app towards the end of the year ahead of a global rollout early in 201718. This will offer a more personalised shopping experience for our customers both online and by linking them more effectively to our stores and sales associates globally. 14 Strategic Report Introduction This emphasis on facilitating experiences across the physical and digital worlds has long been a focus for Burberry because it reflects how our customers live today. And we have never been more excited about the opportunities that technology offers in this space nor more convinced it must be central to how we evolve our offer. Whether partnering with leaders in social media to bring our physical moments to life for online audiences or enabling purchases straight from the runway for next day delivery globally we see great future potential here. Finally we saw particularly strong growth in sales through third parties over the year as we enhanced our focus on developing our relationships in this space. For example we collaborated with established offline partners including Harrods in London Shinsegae in Korea and Barneys in the US to develop unique products and experiences for their websites we deepened our relationships with pure play online retailers such as My Theresa and Moda Operandi through elevated digital experiences for our runway shows and collections and we continued to innovate in the area of social commerce including making exclusive products available for purchase via WeChat.