We are ready to support this essential investment in the infrastructure of the NHS by offering the right skills relationships and capital to make the plans a reality on the ground. Simon Laffin NonExecutive Chairman 22 May 2017 Read about our business model and strategy on page 10 www.assuraplc.com 5 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information CEO review Investment in primary care premises is an essential enabler for the necessary NHS transformations. Jonathan Murphy CEO Overview A year of political disruption has contributed towards uncertainty in the financial and commercial property markets. Despite this backdrop Assura has continued to deliver superior risk adjusted returns built on a secure and longterm income stream funded by the NHS. In the past year our property return was 9.7 driven by an income return of 5.3 and an increase in property values adding a further 4.4. At the end of the financial year in March Sir Robert Naylor released his landmark review of the NHS estate highlighting the crucial role for primary care premises in enabling the policy imperatives of dramatically increasing evening and weekend GP appointments encouraging practices to work together in networks or hubs and increasing significantly the primary care workforce. It is now clear that mainstream thinking recognises that investment in primary care premises is an essential enabler to the necessary NHS transformation. Assuras bespoke approach one that works for the NHS for GPs for wider community health teams and for patients is well suited to deliver what is required. Investment property value 1344.9m up by 21.2 Rent roll 74.4m up by 16.6 6 Assura plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Delivering longterm outperformance in property returns Assura is a constituent of the IPD All Healthcare Index and over the last five years we have delivered an annualised ungeared return of 8.9 This level of consistent performance over a long period is a testament to the skills and dedication of our property team and to the specialist knowledge we have in our sector. The strong returns achieved in this fiveyear period are even more creditable given the development activity of this time has been at historically low levels as development activity is a key driver of Assuras returns in two ways. Firstly we are typically able to source developments at an effective yield on cost that is 100 basis points higher than through acquisitions. Secondly developments provide evidence of construction cost inflation that drives rental growth. Our 398 medical centres have a rent roll of 74.4 million with the geographically diverse nature of the portfolio allowing us to serve more than 6 of the UKs population. Our investment approach is to identify those assets we believe are best in class in their local catchment areas. By acquiring those assets that provide a broad range of services to their local communities we believe these will provide greater prospects for lease renewal on expiry and so drive greater property returns over the long term. A good example of this approach can be seen in our acquisition of Donnington Medical Practice in Shropshire. This centre serves over 12500 patients and provides 17 additional services on site including blood pressure and coronary heart disease prevention dermatology minor surgery and smoking cessation programmes. For key properties we are not afraid to acquire shorter leases and use our property skills to redevelop or enhance the premises whilst seeking to regear the lease to a longer period. Net initial yield movement The attractiveness of the sector has resulted in a stable yield profile with modest yield compression in recent years. IPD monthly UK index initial yield Assura Net Initial Yield 15year Gilt 0 Jun 06 Jun 07 Mar 08 Mar 10 Mar 09 Mar 11 Mar 12 Mar 13 Mar 14 Mar 15 Mar 16 Mar 17 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Rental income The key driver of our property return is the income from our longterm leases. In the year rental growth was 1.6 from settled rent reviews. Most of our rent reviews are on an open market basis set by reference to rental awards agreed with the District Valuer on new schemes. This means that they are influenced by land and construction cost inflation over the medium term. Over recent years there has been significant inflation in these costs but this increased cost is not yet fully reflected in our passing rents as the slowdown in new schemes has reduced the evidence of that inflation. Our portfolio is well placed to capture this rental growth once new developments recommence and this gives us confidence for the mediumterm prospects for rental growth in our sector. Capital growth The balance of our ungeared annualised return is generated from capital growth which has seen a likeforlike valuation growth of 5.6 in the past year. This increase has primarily come from a movement in yields with our net equivalent yield moving by 23 basis points in the past year. The portfolio net initial yield as at 31 March 2017 was 5.10. We completed two developments during the year at a total development cost of 13.8 million. This has added 0.7 million to our annual rent roll. We also add value through active asset management of our properties working with our GP tenants on proposals for physical extensions or agreeing new or extended lease terms. During the year we agreed four extensions 15 new leases and 10 lease extensions. Together this asset management activity added a further 0.4 million to our rent roll. The combined impact of our investment and asset management activity has been to achieve a 7 growth in EPRA NAV to 49.4 pence per share. www.assuraplc.com 7 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information CEO review continued contributor to the 236 million increase in investment property in the year. This has enabled our rent roll to grow by 17 to 74.4 million.