During the year our marketleading NIOX asthma management products continued their strong growth and in November we welcomed new NICE recommendations that are highly supportive for our products. We also established a major US collaboration with AstraZeneca for COPD products Tudorza and Duaklir and markedly expanded our specialty sales infrastructure in the United States. The partnership is making good progress and with Tudorza US prescriptions well ahead of the trend prior to our involvement we aim to increase uptake in the coming year. We also received compelling clinical data from large trials of both COPD products and we look forward to filings seeking Duaklir approval and an extension to Tudorza s label. With our revenues doubling in 2017 and our cost containment measures delivering tangible savings we are driving our business towards selfsustainability. We intend to maintain this progress during 2018. We have refocused our investment strategy to support the ongoing expansion of our commercial platform particularly in China whilst reducing our RD and corporate costs. During 2018 we will benefit from a full years contribution from our enlarged US sales team and our collaboration with AstraZeneca locking in significant growth potential. With a strong commercial infrastructure compelling portfolio and increasingly attractive platform for thirdparty products we look forward to the coming year with great optimism. Period of transformation During the past year Circassia successfully underwent a number of major changes as part of the Companys transition into a commerciallyfocused specialty pharmaceutical business. Following disappointing allergy clinical results in 2016 we took the difficult decision to switch investment to our respiratory assets and focus on expanding our business. This strategy has produced positive results and with our portfolio of marketed products and commercial platform now significantly broader our 2017 revenues were 100 ahead of the previous year. Commercial growth In the last 12 months we have expanded our commercial presence dramatically. In the United States we established a transformational commercial collaboration with AstraZeneca and subsequently doubled the size of our field force to promote the COPD treatment Tudorza alongside our NIOX asthma management products. We also increased our commercial support capabilities and the team which includes marketing market access training analytics and commercial operations is now more than 50 strong. With our US commercial platform acting as an important factor in attracting AstraZeneca as a strategic partner we plan to mirror this strategy in China. By building an initial sales force alongside our existing distributor base we plan to rapidly grow our NIOX revenues in this major market and offer thirdparties the opportunity to commercialise their products via our infrastructure. 2017 was a period of major transformation for Circassia with the Company making good progress to becoming a commerciallyfocused specialty respiratory business. Circassia Pharmaceuticals plc Annual report and accounts 2017 14 CIRAR17frontv18.indd 14 25042018 1919 Broadening the portfolio As well as adding Tudorza to our portfolio our AstraZeneca collaboration brought the US commercial rights to latestage COPD therapy Duaklir. At the end of 2017 the product successfully completed its US clinical development programme.