You can read details on this in our Group Medical Directors review on pages 20 to 25. Headline financial performance figures can be found in the Chairmans statement and the CFO reviews them in detail on pages 32 to 43. The results were mixed overall. Spire Healthcare experienced a reduction in NHSfunded care especially contracts with NHS Trusts and NHS funded care actually declined in the second half of the year. This was driven by cost saving measures by the NHS. Income from Private Medical Insurance PMI funded care declined slightly while treatment and care for patients who chose to Selfpay increased strongly by 12.0 an encouraging trend which we expect to continue. A major variance to expectations was the slowerthanplanned buildup of the three new sites Spire Manchester Spire Nottingham and Spire St Anthonys hospitals. These are all outstanding facilities that Im delighted to have in the Group. Improving their performance will be a key feature of our forward strategy. How do you see trends in Spire Healthcares markets The trends in our three main payor groups are connected to a certain degree. PMI is currently about half of our business but it remains largely a benefit provided by companies for their employees. As such overall growth in PMI is linked closely to the health of the economy and has remained flat. Forward growth in this sector in the short term will come from growing market share. The independent sector provides valuable capacity for the NHS as it seeks to deliver care in the face of well publicised cost capacity and staffing pressures. Our NHS business is important to us and we will continue to build close working partnerships with our local commissioners and GPs. Major contracts with NHS trusts are unlikely to grow in the future while eReferral is still not fully adopted. This provides choice for NHS patients underpinned in the NHS constitution and Spire Healthcares wide participation in this is an asset. Overall we seek to hold share in the NHS market. Our major growth opportunity lies in those patients who elect to Selfpay. Their reasons for choosing to pay for private treatment vary. They may wish to be seen faster as waiting times on the NHS continue to rise or seek treatments that are unavailable within the NHS. They may feel that they can selfinsure more competitively and flexibly than through PMI products. They may just value the convenience of having their treatment when and where they want in hotellevel surroundings with wellinvested facilities. Whatever their motivation the macro market drivers suggest that Selfpay will be our key growth sector. We intend to grow our market share aggressively in this area. I want every member of the Spire Healthcare family to judge themselves on the quality of the care they deliver to our patients. 12 Spire Healthcare Group plc Annual Report 2017 What are your immediate priorities Consistently highquality and outstanding clinical care are fundamental to our business. I think patients see us as good but maybe not the best everywhere and in truth while some of our hospitals are outstanding others are less consistent. Raising standards to the highest levels and ensuring consistency of approach and delivery across the Company in every hospital is our first and last priority. We want all our hospitals to be Good or Outstanding. All of the time. I intend Spire Healthcare to be famous for both its quality of care and its ability to evidence that quality. We also need to optimise operational performance particularly in our recent major investments. I have conducted a review of lessons learnt about the cultural and operational changes required in developing and moving into new facilities and drawn on my extensive experience of buying and opening new healthcare sites. All three new hospitals are top of my list to steer to robust financial performance as well as being great centres of patient care. I was delighted that Spire St Anthonys Hospital was recently rerated Good by the CQC and see much evidence that all three sites will deliver strong returns. I am pleased to say that Spire Manchester and St Anthonys hospitals are making good progress. Both should be profitable in 2018. Spire Nottingham Hospital will take further work to achieve its full potential. We will also rapidly be enhancing Spire Healthcares marketing capability especially digitally to make our Selfpay offering transparent and easy to access as well as improving our call services. This will support our Selfpay growth ambitions. With more central support an increased focus on leadership training and human resources enhanced leadership and a lot of hard work I am confident Spire Healthcare will deliver excellent outcomes in the months ahead. We will continue to invest in our current estate with a view to continuing to be the lead investor in the sector. At the same time in the short to medium term we will be focused on increasing the return on capital and cash returns of historical and new investments and cautious about further new hospital developments until the case for them is proven by results. How do you see Spire Healthcares services developing In a number of ways all aimed at increasing patient staff and partner satisfaction. Clinically we will focus on specific elements of our care including our patients understanding of their mobility after a procedure and their comfort with what drugs to take and how to recover effectively on their return home. We want to empower our patients to a speedy recovery and active life. We will continue to develop service lines in demand in the private sector in particular Spire Healthcare has a growing paediatric and cardiology capability. Operationally we will have one best way of working in increasing areas aligning all our hospitals around simple national systems and operating approach one Spire Way of working while leaving room for local best practice and strong leadership by our hospitals senior management teams.