This will be achieved through the continued execution of our business strategy that comprises the following three elements 1. Being a leader in each of our chosen business segments We subscribe to the view that leadership is a key driver of longterm success and are wellplaced in all three areas of our business Branchbased lending Everyday Loans is the clear market leader in unsecured branchbased lending to the credit impaired with 47000 customers. Home credit Loans at Home is ranked third in the market having grown strongly with over 104000 customers in 2017. Guarantor loans Following the acquisition of George Banco we are now the clear number two in the market with a loan book of close to 50m and over 17000 customers. 2. Investing in our core assets Through suitable investment in people our distribution networks technology and brands we are increasing our capacity to drive further loan book growth whilst at the same time managing operational risks through effective spans of control. People establishing a good relationship with our customers through facetoface contact is at the heart of our business model and in 2017 we increased the size of our workforce by 40 to over 750 full time employees. We also launched a sharesave scheme for all staff so they can participate in the future success of the Group. In home credit we recruited over 440 experienced selfemployed agents taking our total number to over 1000. Such expansion required significant investment in training and incentives that are focused on rewarding both financial results and the delivery of good customer outcomes. Distribution networks we opened 12 new Everyday Loans branches in 2017 taking the total number now open to 53 we plan to open a further 12 in the first half of 2018. At Loans at Home we opened 22 new offices to support the rapid expansion of our selfemployed agent network and we now have 69 locations including the head office across the UK. Technology while facetoface contact lies at the heart of both branchbased lending and home credit all three of our business divisions rely heavily on 247 access to scalable and robust technology. With thousands of customers up and down the country effective data management and analysis ensures that we can process large volumes of transactions conduct full credit scoring and lead management and can monitor and optimise our daytoday business performance. Brands securing the trust and confidence of our customers and other key stakeholders is vitally important especially now that purchase decisions for financial services are increasingly made online or through remote channels. The quality of our service and size of our customer base means that continuing to invest in our brands and reputation is a source of substantial longterm value for the Group. 3. Acting responsibly As noted in the Chairmans Statement on pages 4 to 5 how we behave as a business is not just defined by prevailing laws or regulations but also by our culture or how we do things around here. Right at the outset and at the very heart of our longterm strategic plan was the vision that NonStandard Finance plc would represent the very best in consumer credit with the highest standards of compliance and best practice. We monitor closely how our behaviour and conduct might impact our key stakeholders whether they be customers staff self employed agents suppliers our environment or the communities where we have a physical presence. Through a number of initiatives across the Group including a series of employee workshops we have identified a number of core behaviours that we see as being vital if we are to achieve our strategic goals Doing the right thing we recognise our collective responsibility for delivering great outcomes for our customers even when others are not looking. Integrity we respect colleagues and other key stakeholders and always do what we say we will do. NonStandard Finance plc Annual Report 2017 27 Corporate Governance Financial Statements Strategic Report Overview Shared purpose delivered through teamwork we have clear goals and expect all of our people to share in that vision. By working together we are likely to solve problems more effectively than trying to do things on our own. Clear communication we are well informed and listen carefully to those dealing direct with our customers we also speak up when something is not right we celebrate success and dont blame others when something goes wrong always learning from our mistakes. Entrepreneurial leadership we lead by example and use our initiative trying new things so we can improve. By embedding each of these into our employee review protocol we aim to formalise the process by which we recognise and reward these values and behaviours so that we can stand out from our competitors. Financing On 3 August 2017 we announced the acquisition of George Banco the number two provider of guarantor loans in the nonstandard sector for 18.6m representing an enterprise value of 53.5m. To finance the acquisition and refinance all of the Groups existing debt facilities as well as to provide additional funding to support future growth we secured a new 175m term loan facility the Term Loan provided by a group of institutional investors led by Alcentra Limited. The new sixyear loan bears an interest rate of LIBOR plus 7.25 per year with interest payable every six months. The same investors also agreed to provide an additional committed facility of up to 50m under the same terms as the Term Loan taking their total commitment to the Group to 225m. In addition the Group secured a new 35m revolving credit facility provided by Royal Bank of Scotland at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.5 per year.