Our foundations as a company that has a history at the leading edge of music technology innovation with an established global customer base for its marketleading brands and a strong culture make us well placed for further growth. Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 06 Market Context A Rising Generation of New Customers A recent survey of our customer base confirmed what we believed that our customers are starting to produce and record music at an everyounger age. 3 are aged between 13 and 17 while 1825 year olds account for 22. 2634 year olds account for 21 the same percentage as 3544 year olds. 4554 year olds account for 18 while 5565 year olds still account for 13 and 3 are those customers aged over 65 its never too late to make music. These are very promising statistics suggesting that we have the potential opportunity to engage people for their entire adult lifetimes. Music technology now features in music education from the age of 14 in many schools and is in increasing demand at colleges and universities around the world many hosting extensive recording and performance complexes. This development is driving the demand from students themselves to invest in audio interfaces and production hardwaresoftware while the faculties themselves are an important customer segment for teaching equipment and audio infrastructure that we are successfully addressing. 1317 2.80 Our customers by age 1825 21.90 2634 21.30 3544 20.40 4554 17.70 5565 12.70 66 or older 3.20 Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 07 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Worldwide leader with room to grow Four highly successful brands Focusrite Focusrite Pro Novation and Ampify with global distribution and industry recognition in their respective verticals. Distributed in approximately 160 countries. Number one in sales of audio interfaces but overall only approximately 1 1 market share across all ranges as the Group enters new markets. Moved successfully into post broadcast and live sound markets with RedNet audio networking. Introduced iOS apps with over 7.5 million downloads to date. Disrupting how new music is made with grids groove stations and apps. Focusrite The Focusrite brand of home and mobile audio interfaces is the largest selling brand of audio interfaces in the world. Our Scarlett range now with a global market share of approximately 50 continues to lead the industry in both innovation sound quality and ease of use. Extending our range is the Clarett line which offers our customers even more features and capabilities for their production needs. Focusrite Pro Designed tested and supported with professional audio facilities front of mind our Red and RedNet products are taking centre stage in many of the largest post production facilities and on media arts campuses and live and broadcast stages all around the world. A dedicated product sales and support team who understand the requirements and everevolving workflow challenges in these environments Focusrite Pro leads the way in implementing AOIP. Novation Our widely acclaimed Novation brand is a market leader in keyboard controllers and gridbased controllers and instruments. Launchpadding and Groove Stations are now common terms in the world of electronic music enabling anyone to create electronic music with little or no computer or classical music knowhow. These innovative electronic instruments are great enablers for us to continue to increase our core customer base and bring the art of music making to people all around the world. Our portfolio of keyboard controllers provide deep unique integration with the most popular music creation software titles including our own. Rounding out the Novation brand is our new flagship synthesiser Peak catering to the most discerning professional electronic musicians. Ampify Ampify is our software division creating and marketing a worldclass suite of creative applications to inspire anyone to create their own music. Intuitive and importantly requiring no previous music education or additional gear our apps such as Launchpad Blocs Wave and Groovebox open up the world of electronic music creation to anyone with an iOS device. Utilising a freemium model our apps have had over 7.5 million downloads and an active user base of approximately 550000. Focusrite Plc Annual Report 2017 08 Chief Executives Statement A refined growth strategy This is my first full year report having joined the Company in January 2017 and I am delighted to update shareholders on another year of operational and financial success. Introduction It has been another busy and productive year during which we have expanded our product portfolio launched two new brands and refined our growth strategy to optimise our expansion opportunities now and for the future. Focusrite is a business I knew well before I joined with a wellearned reputation for highquality products and a history of innovation and disruption and I was honoured and proud to be asked to lead the Company into its next phase of growth. One of the primary factors that led to my decision to join the Company was the passion that came through from the employees. Many of our people are musicians audio engineers or DJs themselves and they use our products in realworld environments every week bringing to work a real drive to push the boundaries of modernday audio production. Our employee footprint continues to expand in our High Wycombe London Los Angeles and Hong Kong offices as well as with remote employees all over the globe. It is a great pleasure and privilege to help guide and lead them and I thank them for their hard work and dedication. Overview The Groups products are now sold in approximately 160 territories and countries all over the world. We utilise an effective mix of retailers online and bricks and mortar locations distributors in areas where localisation is a factor a hybrid approach in the USA utilising a distributor with our own demand generation team and direct business to consumer with our own ecommerce store and inapp software purchases.