1 httpsthefly. comlandingP ageNews.php id2508077headlineGMNS ANY FVLK AYTMDDAIFFCAUHMCIHSMarkitGlobalautosalessettoreachMin 2 httpscentreforaviation. cominsightsanalysisrecordglobalaircraftdeliveriesin 2017boeingaheadofairbusagainbutbehindonorderbacklog393914 Strategic report 5 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 Our locationbased solutions create digital twins of the physical world Our vision To enable our customers to create digital twins of their physical worlds that deliver visibility and control to increase productivity flexibility profitability and improve quality. Ubisense works in partnership with global businesses across the automotive aerospace telecoms and utility sectors. Our products are structured to meet the specific needs of each industry from giving telecoms companies greater visibility to helping automotive manufacturers reduce errors and increase throughput. Why customers choose us Worldclass technology with a proven track record of reducing costs and increasing efficiencies across operations Trusted advisors offering deep understanding of our customers businesses Strong customer references with compelling Return on Investments Demonstrated ability to improve customer satisfaction Our partners Ubisense collaborates with a network of highly skilled partners around the globe. Together were able to tackle realworld problems that span disciplines and traditional silos. Ubisense products integrate location into the daily operations of businesses across the world. From tracking vehicles as they move through a production process to providing live geospatial data to field technicians for cable and utility companies we are experts in turning location data into business value. 6 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 OUR BUSINESS 9 of the top 10 global automobile manufacturers around the world use our solutions 5 major telecoms network operators around the world use our solutions and 2 of the top 4 cable companies in US rely on Ubisense solutions 2 of the top 3 aerospace manufacturers use our solutions 6 of the top 10 Fortune 500 manufacturers are Ubisense customers Where we operate Ubisense has offices in North America Europe and Asia and serves more than 250 customers across 20 countries across the world. See our markets on page 10 Our office locations Strategic report 7 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 Industries Passenger and Commercial Vehicles Aerospace and Defence General Industry manufacturing and logistics Public Transport RTLS SmartSpace SmartSpace solutions are based on a modular software platform that manages realtime location and identification data from multiple sources to support industrialscale missioncritical visibility and control applications. SmartSpace has been proven time and time again to help global leaders in manufacturing drive productivity quality and performance. Our technology enables customers to create a digital representation of the phyical world and connects it to critical manufacturing and operational systems to create a digital twin that can drive key success factors in their operations. How we ensure return on investment IMPROVED Flexibility Productivity Quality Customer satisfaction REDUCED Complexity of supply chain Operational costs WIP work in progress and inventory costs FASTER Production times Rework times Revenue growth Decisionmaking Creating digital twins of the physical world Customers existing business systems SmartSpace platform Physical world 8 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 OUR PRODUCTS Sectors Telecoms Cable Gas Electric Geospatial myWorld myWorld transforms the ability of infrastructure companies to manage their geographically dispersed assets by creating a single architecture for geospatialbased applications. myWorld enables a digital twin of assets and operations to global leaders in utility telecoms and cable companies that can be tailored to meet their business processes and deliver enterprise level improvements in productivity quality and customer satisfaction. IMPROVED Field productivity Network KPIs Customer service Data quality REDUCED Operational cost Timetorepair Errors and accidents Customer attrition FASTER Time to market Resolution times Revenue growth Decisionmaking How we ensure return on investment Operations myWorld platform Physical world Strategic report 9 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 From future state to mission critical The digitisation of the industrial workplace development of digital twins and the growth of the Industrial Internet of Things IIo T has resulted in a unique set of opportunities for Ubisense to capitalise on. In the past 15 years we have built up a strong customer base including 6 of the top 10 Fortune 500 manufacturers 9 of the leading 10 automotive manufacturers 2 of the top 3 aerospace manufacturers and 5 of the major telecoms network operators around the world use our solutions including 3 of the top 4 in North America. With our new softwareled approach we are looking to further increase our reach within these sectors in new and existing customers and territories. We are continuing to see growth in sectors including aerospace and defence and 2017 saw our very first sale in space and satellites an exciting new sector which offers huge potential for Ubisenses SmartSpace solutions. A new team is in place to sell Ubisenses myWorld into European communications and utilities businesses utilising our strong customer case studies and use cases from the North American market to help promote the benefits and proven ROI of our myWorld platform. How Ubisense is best placed to deliver growth Transition to software led business The move to software has delivered huge benefits for Ubisense and its customers with higher value sales that improve integration automation and productivity for our customers. With renewed positioning and a strong pipeline Ubisense is in an excellent position to continue this growth. Poised to capture the dominant digitisation growth cycle 4 in 10 manufacturers are earmarking 520 of their total research and development budgets to IIoT products and service development. Over the next five years the same number expect that investment to ramp up to 1020 1. Established and experts in key sectors Ubisense already works with some of the leading organisations in each of the key sectors in which we operate. With excellent customer case studies and a team boasting experts in each of our target markets Ubisense is able to further penetrate these high value sectors. 1 httpusblogs.pwc.comindustrialinsights20171002forusmanufacturerstheiiotfutureisnowpart3. 10 Ubisense Group plc Annual Report 2017 OUR MARKETS What are the drivers for Industry 4.0 and digital twins for RealTime Location System RTLS SmartSpace What are the drivers for Geospatial myWorld Industry investment in smart factory and digital twin technology is increasing and significant.