However costs and complexity within the Group remain too high. The further simplification announced in January 2018 to move from five to three operating businesses will enable us to act with greater pace to innovate in core technologies and to better take advantage of future opportunities in areas such as electrification and digitalisation. It will help us to undertake a more fundamental restructuring to remove duplicated support and management functions. Within the Group we appreciate our talk of simplification must translate into greater enablement for our people if we are to succeed in bringing about lasting change. These efforts must begin with our leaders and during the year I brought in additional talent and experience to the ELT with the appointment of Stephen Daintith as Chief Financial Officer Paul Stein as Chief Technology Officer and Simon Kirby as Chief Operating Officer. In early 2018 we announced Chris Cholerton would be taking up the post of President Civil Aerospace Tom Bell would be returning to RollsRoyce as President Defence and Harry Holt took up the post of Group HR Director. 2017 priorities At the beginning of the year we set out four key priorities Priority 1 Strengthen our focus on engineering operational and aftermarket excellence Engineering excellence our central engineering function was restructured to integrate engineering into the businesses closer to our customers. At the same time we have created a new technology team led by the Chief Technology Officer to heighten the importance of technology in driving future growth see pages 42 and 43. We invested over 1bn in selffunded RD in 2017 part of which supported the installation of digital engineering tools producing our first alldigital engine design. Operational excellence a new operating strategy was developed and we invested a further 764m in capital expenditure in 2017. Capitalising on the rapidly advancing digital techniques our aim is to create an agile highly productive and costcompetitive manufacturing footprint. Our new plants have already undergone a digital transformation generating an unprecedented insight into our value chain capability. We are also developing industryleading capabilities in digital manufacturing through innovative collaboration and partnerships which will lead to doubledigit benefits in productivity and efficiency. All our businesses had significant execution targets and product delivery milestones to achieve. Civil Aerospace delivered a 35 increase in large engine deliveries. In Defence Aerospace the modernisation programme at the Indianapolis facility progressed well and is on track with its cost saving targets. In Power Systems the new leadership focused the business on simplifying the product portfolio achieving around a 20 yearonyear reduction in product variants. Aftermarket excellence service focus is driven by customer demand for reliability and availability. This has seen aftermarket support transition from the sale of spare products to a partnership with customers based on predictive maintenance and proactive management of inservice issues. In 2017 the Civil Aerospace team worked hard to minimise customer disruption from inservice fleet issues with our Trent 1000 and Trent 900 engines and to develop longerterm solutions. Concurrently the Trent XWB84 achieved over 1.2 million flying hours with unprecedented levels of reliability. In Defence Aerospace we opened a further two dedicated service delivery centres SDCs to support the RAF and the Indian Air Force accelerating decisionmaking on engine issues to maximise availability. Power Systems also opened customer care centres in key time zones replicating the TotalCare service developed in Civil and Defence Aerospace. Power Systems first availability contract commenced in 2017 with Hitachi Rail to run In Civil Aerospace while we worked to minimise the impact of inservice issues key milestones were achieved towards entry into service for the new Trent 1000 TEN Trent XWB97 and Trent 7000. Testing of our new power gearbox design a vital component in our new UltraFan demonstrator programme has proceeded well and the Advance3 demonstrator achieved its first successful ground test. Electrification will play an increasingly important role in all areas of the Group over the coming years and during the year we established a new electrical unit. In November 2017 we announced that we will develop the EFan X hybrid electric aircraft demonstrator in collaboration with Airbus and Siemens reflecting the growing importance of electrification to the longterm future of the aerospace industry. 2017 priorities Strengthen our focus on engineering operational and aftermarket excellence Sustain the strong start to our transformation programme Rebuild trust and confidence in our longterm growth prospects Develop our longterm vision and strategy The Trent XWB84 achieved over 1.2 million flying hours with unprecedented levels of reliability. 08 RollsRoyce Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executives Review for over 20 years covering support for the UKs intercity programme. Looking forward a focus on lifecycle costs coupled with the delivery of more digitally enabled engines and systems should support further growth in proactive service management offerings at Power Systems. Priority 2 Sustain the strong start to our transformation programme Ontarget delivery of transformation benefits since November 2015 we have been pursuing a transformation programme focused on simplifying the organisation streamlining management reducing fixed costs and adding greater pace and accountability to decisionmaking. The benefits are ontarget having achieved runrate cost savings at the top end of our initial expectations of 200m by the end of 2017. Priority 3 Rebuild trust and confidence in our longterm growth prospects Greater financial transparency through further clarity on cash drivers and revenue as outlined at our halfyear 2017 results our focus is on sustaining stronger cash generation. A stronger finance team led by Stephen Daintith is bringing greater financial transparency and clarity both internally and for our investors. In 2018 we plan to introduce new KPIs to align with our refined longterm performance objectives and reflect our focus on free cash flow as a fundamental indicator of performance. See page 17 for more details.