We remain positive about the future progress in our Global Solutions business building upon the successes of 2017 and with new opportunities also starting to contribute revenue. Following the return to growth within our Data Centre business in H2 2017 we expect this area of the business will continue to grow in 2018 supported by new product development. The recent acquisitions of Partitionware in 2016 and Goshawk in 2017 by our business incubator Vannin Ventures are exciting opportunities that we expect will contribute to the Groups growth strategy. Our net debtunderlying EBITDA ratio of 2.1x 2016 1.9x and 10m of committed and unutilised loan facilities at year end means that we are well capitalised. The Groups excellent cash conversion enables us to support our ongoing Transformation Programme and our progressive dividend policy. Kevin Walsh NonExecutive Chairman 06 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 investment case Strong core market position Manx Telecom is the leading communications solutions provider on the Island with market share positions in mobile broadband data centre and fixedline segments. We have a 128year heritage and own the entire copper network most of the fibre network and have invested over 100m in the last 12 years to grow our position. We have a strong affiliation with the Isle of Man Government and a relationship with nearly every business and consumer on the Island. Favourable macro backdrop The Isle of Man is a leading international business centre renowned for innovation professionalism and a policy of positive engagement with other jurisdictions. Best known for its financial services industry the Island has successfully diversified across sectors including ebusiness egaming and hightech manufacturing. As such the Isle of Man is a growing affluent low tax economy keen to embrace new technology. Differentiated and competitive offering Manx Telecom focuses on providing a superior network and customer service and with it a reliable and trustworthy reputation competing on value rather than price alone. We are especially proud of the fact that after 10 years of competition in the local mobile market we have retained a market share of over 70. This has been underpinned by investment in a worldclass 4G network providing 99 population coverage on the Island. 2 3 1 07 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 overview governance report financial statements other strategic report Exploiting new market growth opportunities OffIsland Manx Telecom has successfully developed its Global Solutions business such that it now represents c.20 of revenues. We utilise our domestic mobile technology platform and international roaming agreements to offer a range of SIMbased solutions to UK and international partners. This strategy was supplemented in 2016 by the creation of Vannin Ventures a 100owned business incubator targeting new innovative technologies and opportunities. Progressive dividend policy backed by strong free cash flow Since its admission to AIM in 2014 Manx Telecom has recorded stable trading performance and strong underlying cash flow. Our Transformation Programme will help to ensure this is maintained and an experienced management team is in place to drive further efficiencies and growth in free cash flow especially. This supports our progressive dividend policy which has been maintained since admission at an annual increase of c.5. 5 4 08 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 In this section we illustrate some of our highlights and announcements over 2017. year in review Milestones 31 March Flagship Manx Telecom Parish Walk sponsorship extended to 2020 We were delighted to extend our sponsorship of the Islands leading mass participation sporting event to 2020 with the Parish Walk being heralded by CEO Gary Lamb as a shining example of the Islands tremendous community spirit and enthusiasm for sport. 24 March Superfast fibre broadband available to 5000 more homes and businesses 15 fibre broadband street cabinets were installed extending our Ultima service to 93 of premises and our Ultima Plus service to 73 adding coverage to parts of Douglas Laxey Peel Castletown and Ramsey. additional homes connected to fibre 5000 05 April Savings for loyal customers Amongst a variety of price changes we announced for the first time monthly bundled savings for loyal customers taking multiple services across fixed line broadband and mobile pay monthly subscription services. average islandwide 4G speed 27.74Mbps 11 May 4G mobile speed and coverage ahead of the UK Comparing the latest published figures on OpenSignals live app and website opensignal.com Manx Telecoms average Islandwide speed of 27.74Mbps and our 99 4G coverage placed us ahead of all major UK cities. 09 manx telecom plc annual report and accounts 2017 overview strategic report governance report financial statements other call 624 624 see instore visit manxtelecom.comroaming UK EU roaming allowances are available on all new smartroam tariffs. See manxtelecom.comroaming for more details. T erms and conditions apply. be smart from 0 extra all other destinations now up to 90 cheaper for all manx telecom customers UK EU now included up to 5GB 500mins 500 texts Open to manx telecom customers move to a smartroam tariff today. Register now at manxtelecom.comroaming or text SMARTROAM to 166663. With another operator switch to manx telecom today and save 12 May New company to help telephone users with hearing loss Vannin Ventures the subsidiary of Manx Telecom established to identify new longterm growth opportunities announced its majority shareholding in a new company Goshawk Communications Limited that will provide pioneering technology to help phone users with hearing loss. Learn more about Goshawk on page 24 12 December Fastest fibre first Registrations opened for new fibre broadband service Expressions of interest were invited from customers keen to be among the first on the Island to receive the new Lightning Fast Fibre broadband service next year. Monthly pricing options starting from 42 per month were also announced.