In addition colleagues across the Group will share a bonus of 78 million this year. As we announced in March Mary Harris will step down as a NonExecutive Director at our AGM in July 2017. I would like to thank Mary for her extremely valuable contribution to Sainsburys over the past nine years and particularly for her skilful leadership of the Remuneration Committee. We expect to announce the appointment of a new Non Executive Director in due course. Susan Rice our Senior Independent Director is appointed Chair of the Remuneration Committee. Outlook The retail market remains very competitive. However I am convinced that we have the right strategy in place to meet future opportunities and challenges. With our talented leadership team and highly engaged and committed colleagues we are well placed to navigate the external environment and to create value for shareholders. David Tyler Chairman 09 Strategic Report Chief Executives Letter The world is changing faster than ever before shaping the way our customers live their lives. Growth of shopping via digital channels and customer expectations of speed and convenience are changing the retail industry. To meet these challenges we will continue to adapt and evolve our business to meet new shopping habits and provide customers with great products and services at fair prices whenever and wherever they want to shop with us. 10 Strategic Report This has been a pivotal year for Sainsburys. The strategy we set out in November 2014 was designed to address a changing marketplace and the investments we have made in our core Food business differentiated us through our combination of quality choice and value. We will continue to enhance our food proposition further and to grow our General Merchandise Clothing and Financial Services businesses. We welcomed 30000 colleagues to our business in September when we acquired Home Retail Group plc owner of Argos and Habitat. The acquisition will accelerate our strategy and gives us a strong platform to deliver synergies and future growth. The retail market remains very competitive. Underlying profit before tax for the Group is 581 million down one per cent and Group sales are 29112 million up 12.7 per cent on last year. These numbers reflect the positive contribution made by Argos to the Group. Sainsburys market share dropped by 23 basis points to 16.3 per cent and while likeforlike sales are down 0.6 per cent this is an improvement on last year demonstrating the resilience of our Food business in a competitive market. Profits at Sainsburys continue to be impacted by ongoing price investment and cost price pressures. Our balance sheet is robust and we are managing costs carefully. We are on track to achieve our current cost saving target of 500 million by 201718 and we have committed to a further threeyear cost saving target of 500 million from 201819. Net debt has reduced by 349 million this year. Consistent with our affordable dividend policy this years final dividend is 6.6 pence per share bringing the fullyear dividend to 10.2 pence per share. A pivotal year Our goal is to make our customers lives easier every day by offering great quality products and services at fair prices. Food is at the heart of what we do and we have completed our programme to improve the quality of 3000 food lines that matter most to our customers. We are now reviewing 125 food categories touching around 60 per cent of our food range to further develop our food quality and value. When we acquired Argos and Habitat in September we became one of the UKs leading food general merchandise clothing and financial services retailers a multi product multichannel business that offers our customers more choice and gives us the capability to serve them with even greater speed and convenience. Sainsburys Bank is a great asset to the Group and played a key part in the acquisition by enabling us to finance the deal in a very cost efficient way. Sainsburys Bank reached a major milestone this year when we successfully transferred savings customers and our ATM estate on to our newly built whollyowned banking platform. We continue to make good progress and will introduce our new loans platform by the end of 2017. This gives Sainsburys Bank a solid base from which to grow. We also offer an enhanced range of products and services such as a choice of home and car insurance options with our new panel of insurers and our new mortgage proposition which launched in April 2017. This has been a pivotal year for Sainsburys. The strategy we set out in November 2014 was designed to address a changing marketplace and the investments we have made in our core Food business mean we are clearly differentiated by our combination of quality choice and value. Mike Coupe Chief Executive Officer J Sainsbury plc 29112 m Group sales inc. VAT 581m Underlying profit before tax Colleagues making the difference There for our customers Great products and services at fair prices We know our customers better than anyone else Our values make us different Our Business Strategy 11 Strategic Report The new Sainsburys Group We are building a business for now and the future. We go forward as a combined Sainsburys Group strengthened by the addition of Argos Habitat and Sainsburys Bank. We benefit from the trust customers have in our brands and from the ability to offer our customers great value and choice across multiple product categories and channels. We are well placed to increase customer loyalty across food general merchandise clothing and financial services driving sales profit and maximising the opportunities for growth to create value for all our stakeholders. To focus on our four key priorities we have closed Netto Sainsburys Entertainment and our Phone Shops.