Further detail of the Companys governance processes and compliance with the Code is set out in the Corporate Governance Statement. OUTLOOK Recent Trading Our annual sales conference took place on 1819 March 2017 and was attended by over 5000 Partners. At the event we announced the launch of our Home Insurance service to Members the introduction of new films featuring Joanna Lumley and a simplification to our Double Gold bundle making it more competitive and easier to promote. Since making these changes the quality of new Members being gathered by Partners has remained exceptionally high with over 50 switching all their services to us. The number of new Members is running slightly ahead of the levels we saw during the corresponding period last year and we are also seeing encouraging numbers of new Partners joining the business. Energy Prices Following an extended period in which falling energy commodity prices outweighed the additional costs of renewing and extending the distribution network replacing nuclear and coalfired generating plants that are approaching the end of their useful lives rollingout smart meters funding capacity incentives and paying for the various renewable energy programmes which have been introduced wholesale energy prices have increased significantly since last autumn. This has exerted significant upward pressure on retail energy prices with both standard variable prices and the cheapest introductory deals having increased by around 90 and 140 respectively for a typical domestic customer. It appears that the incoming Government is committed to introducing a widespread cap on standard variable tariffs. Whilst the timing of implementation the level at which the cap would be set and the specific details of whom it would affect are unclear we strongly welcome this proposal as we believe it will create a fairer energy market and make it more difficult for suppliers with large legacy bases to use the profits they are earning from disengaged customers to fund cheap introductory deals to those who are switching. Whilst the gap between SVTs and the cheapest introductory deals is likely to narrow the market will remain highly competitive and there are many suppliers who will be unaffected by the proposed price cap who will be able to continue offering attractive tariffs to those looking to switch. Telecom Plus PLC Report and Accounts 2017 10 Our wholesale arrangements retail pricing structure and low cost base mean the impact of this price cap when implemented on our profitability is likely to be significantly less than other major suppliers. Regulatory The Competition and Markets Authority published their final report on the domestic energy market during the year. Whilst we welcomed their proposals to remove the current restrictions on discounts bundling and the number of tariffs each supplier can offer we believe they are fundamentally misconceived in believing their proposed database of disengaged customers will achieve anything other than greater bureaucracy more costs and increased confusion. We hope this proposal will be quickly abandoned once the mooted price cap on standard variable tariffs takes effect. Our programme to roll out smart meters for all our Members is well underway with around 100000 largely dual fuel meters having been installed by the beginning of June 2017. The programme is expected to gather pace over the coming months and we anticipate making good progress this year towards the 2020 target date. As previously highlighted the financial benefits from this programme excluding any timing differences which may arise between when costs are incurred and when they are recovered will depend on the speed and efficiency of our rollout relative to other suppliers. However the continuing delays in finalising the specification of SMETS2 meters in getting them certified and in the smart Data Communications Company DCC testing schedule have led many commentators to question whether the original target completion date for this programme is still achievable and the level of fulfilment costs which will ultimately be borne by consumers from trying to do so. We remain concerned at the high and increasing costs imposed on the industry in order to comply with government policy much of which seems to be imposed with inadequate thought given to delivering such initiatives in a way that will minimise costs which ultimately get passed on by suppliers to customers through higher bills. Examples include the current faster switching initiative the Green Deal programme the establishment of Smart Energy GB the structure of the smart meter rollout programme the overengineering of the specification for the DCC and the unrealistic timeframes which are invariably adopted for any industry change. Regulation has an important role to play in ensuring the energy markets are operating in a transparent manner creating a framework which encourages real competition protecting the rights of consumers and ensuring they receive a fair deal for their energy. However it is not clear that the right balance has recently always been struck. There needs to be a clearer understanding of the need to reduce the burden of regulation which ultimately falls on those least able to afford it namely domestic customers. We are disappointed that deregulating the domestic water supply market was absent from the new Governments manifesto this would have created an exciting new opportunity for us to add the supply of water to the existing range of utilities we offer further extending the benefits to consumers of our integrated multiutility approach. We urge the Government not to miss the chance to introduce competition into this market which would ultimately lead to more choice lower prices and better service for over 27 million households who are currently forced to buy from a local monopoly water supplier.