Our efforts and investment proved worthwhile then and I am confident they will do so again. The lessons we learnt in 2017 are not only applicable to the renewables sector they have led us to review our overall approach to accessing new opportunities. The Board is now closely involved in senior leadership planning to ensure our inhouse expertise matches our strategic objectives and we are capable of delivering not only on quality but also on cost. Board changes In September 2017 I replaced John Kennedy as Lamprells Chairman. Johns leadership has taken the Group onto a new strategic path as the industry entered a significant downturn. I thank John for his efforts over the last five years and very much look forward to taking the vision to the next level. In 2017 we welcomed Nick Garrett and James Dewar as new NonExecutive Directors their collective experience in delivering strategic transformations within major industry players will be highly valuable. Following these appointments the Board has made a number of changes to the composition of its Committees which are detailed on page 42 of this report. Final dividend Given the significant challenges the Group encountered in 2017 and the uncertainty in the industry the Board does not recommend a final dividend for the year. We are grateful for the confidence and support of our shareholders and our lending banks as we work through the nearterm issues facing the Group and look to deliver longterm growth. Looking to the future We experienced significant challenges throughout 2017 and these have had a profound effect on the way that we approach and implement our vision. We streamlined the business over the past two years and we have adapted and added to our resources to support the strategic objectives. We are now entering into a phase of delivering on our goals. The Board is confident that transformational growth and diversification is the right strategy for Lamprell for future success. John Malcolm NonExecutive Chairman Total shareholder return 16.8 2016 3.4 It is critical to preserve the long term forwardlooking perspective amid immediate challenges and 2017 has been a year of change and strategic repositioning for Lamprell. We are being selective in our new business pursuits targeting only realistic opportunities that are aligned with our strategic objectives while generating robust margins. John Malcolm Non executive Chairman 2017 was my first full year as CEO and it has been a year of repositioning for Lamprell. It has also been dominated by the problems on the East Anglia One project which we have worked hard to overcome as detailed below. Despite early signs of recovery in the wider oil industry the global jackup rig market remained dormant. Therefore building upon our core competencies Lamprell has adopted a strategy of geographical and sector diversification by addressing opportunities in the renewables sector as well as broadening our expertise and partnership options to access EPCI projects We have also strengthened our position in our core geographic region and the new build jackup rig market by partnering with major energy industry players to establish a largescale maritime yard in Saudi Arabia 11. This will broaden our global reach product expertise and secure a foothold in one of the few oil gas markets committed to growth in the current environment. Investing in people will be vital to implement our strategy 08. Health and safety I am pleased to report that we achieved a TRIR of 0.30 for 2017 in line with industry best practice. This achievement is particularly noteworthy given the large numbers of new employees hired during 2017. In May 2017 we appointed a new Vice President of HSESQ 29 who has brought new energy to drive improvement in our safety standards. Although the results of this effort are impressive we are looking for new ways to improve safety performance as our TRIR statistics should not be allowed to stagnate. An area of specific focus will be safety practices at remote site locations where the risks of an incident can be higher due to reduced oversight. We are striving to provide a best practice safety and wellbeing environment for our employees 30. Operational update 2017 saw the completion of three new build jackup rigs two for NDC now known as ADNOC Drilling and one to Shelf Drilling. We also completed the largescale UZ750 module fabrication project for Petrofac 27. With the delivery of the above projects our operational focus moved onto the execution of the two major projects awarded at the end of 2016 the USD 90 million rig upgrade project for Master Marine and the contract for the fabrication of 60 foundations for the UKs East Anglia One offshore wind farm project. While we made good progress on Master Marine 27 I am disappointed with the outcome of the East Anglia One project which has resulted in a significant loss for the Company especially as we successfully delivered five major projects in 1H 2017 including the above three rigs. Renewables is a new sector for us and one which we believe offers significant longterm potential. It turned out that our first project involved a steep learning curve. Having said this we have learned the hard way how to be competitive in future in this sector. Based on our root cause analysis for this project we did not spend enough time and effort during the bidding stage to develop a robust project execution plan that adequately addressed project risks. We compounded this problem by initially assigning a project leadership team that was experienced in our traditional core competencies but not this new market. We have learned by experience that the risks and challenges associated with constructing and shipping 60 jackets in an assembly line process are very different from constructing multiple rigs concurrently.