Tommy McDonaldMilner previously Chief Executive of Minerva Education and Options Group joined us as Managing Director of Special Educational Needs. Lynn Webb formerly Chief Operating Officer at Foster Care Associates joined us as Managing Director of Fostering. I am delighted to reiterate the strategic intent for the Group announced in January 2018 which outlines our ambition over the mediumterm Highest quality aligned to our vision to be the highest quality provider of specialist education and behavioural health services to children and young people in the UK. Focus on higher severity children a continuation of the strategy that we started in 2016. We currently hold a market leading position with consistent and robust demand for our services. Average fee levels are higher than the industry average and commensurate with the higher severity needs of our children and young people. Building a platform to change lives and create value consisting of the following factors a specialist focus on higher severity children established quality and safeguarding protocols the inhouse skills and expertise necessary to operate the platform defined models for care and therapeutic intervention real time data and measurable outcomes for the children we look after value for money for the customers who refer children to us a defined strategy for recruitment training and development a national footprint fully operational real estate and sales and marketing functions a strong brand backed by a culture of innovation robust business information and systems and a strong balance sheet. We also defined our aspirations for the Group by outlining our mediumterm KPIs. Our ambition is to increase revenue by a compound annual growth rate of more than 5 with an adjusted EBITDA margin in excess of 16. We have also set targets to increase our average scores with our regulators to over 85 Good or Outstanding increase occupancy levels to more than 85 and to continue to increase our average daily fee through repositioning to higher severity services. Our capital expenditure plan targets investment of 50 million on growth and capacity increases 15 million to 20 million to enhance and upgrade our existing facilities and 15 million to 20 million on systems and IT investment by 2020. Our ambition is to deliver a return on capital employed on new projects in excess of 20 and over 85 operating cash conversion. This plan is targeted while maintaining a strong balance sheet net debt to adjusted EBITDA of less than 1.5x and a progressive dividend policy backed by consistent EPS growth. 1643 Capacity excluding fostering 1286 Average occupancy 78 excluding fostering Cambian Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 15 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Chief Executives strategic review continued We have defined four components to execute our strategy. Build the industrys best leadership and workforce Drive capacity led growth Put in enabling systems and data Optimise cost and operations We will continue to build our leadership teams ensuring we have the right people in place across the Group to manage our facilities and also mentor and develop all Cambian staff to ensure high quality standards of care. This will require investment in training and quality assurance. We will strengthen our procedures and recruitment resources to build a leading workforce capacity with highly qualified and experienced staff running our teams across the Group. We will also focus on our employee engagement producing measurable improvements in their engagement in the business with the aim of reducing staff turnover to less than 20 minimising reliance on agency staff to less than 3 of our total employee cost and improving our employee net promoter score to 45. Read more on page 22 Finally we will deploy 15 million to 20 million over the next three years to enhance and upgrade existing facilities as we improve the environments of those in our care as well as completing the repositioning of our facilities to higher severity services. We shall also begin a measured return to increasing capacity by developing new facilities organically using our experienced inhouse property team as well as continuing to evaluate targeted bolton acquisitions as we begin to deploy 50 million with a targeted return on capital employed in excess of 20. These investments combined have led us to a comprehensive plan for investing 85 million in capital expenditure by 2020. Read more on page 29 As important to the future will be the need to capture high quality data not only to monitor both the performance and development of our staff and to manage the performance of our business but also to give high quality clinical evidence of the quality of the outcomes that we offer our children. We will invest over the next three years in integrated systems and IT that will allow us to achieve these important and differentiating back and front office capabilities across finance HR and IT as well as the therapeutic interventions and outcomes of our service users. Read more on page 25 We will continue to optimise our cost base and identify further operational efficiencies across the Group. In addition we will maintain our relentless focus on the quality of service delivery across the Group and industry leading regulatory scores. Read more on page 26 Execution components and 2018 Cambian Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 16 Quality and regulatory Our aim is to be the highest quality provider of specialist education and behavioural health services for our children and young people. At year end 80 of our services were rated Good or Outstanding with Ofsted or the Care Quality Commission CQC 2016 83. This performance is against a backdrop of the continued raising of quality standards in the sector reflected in an increasingly stringent regulatory environment and an enhanced rigour of inspections. We welcome this evolution in the drive to improve the focus on quality of care and appropriate outcomes for our children.