Bill Ward NonExecutive Chairman 21 November 2017 Building on proven sustainable growth the Group achieved a milestone this year of over 183.5 million gross written premiums. GBGI Annual Report 2017 04 Strategic Report Chief Executive Officers statement The year to 30 June 2017 was transformative for GBGI with the strategic progress made by the business over the years reflected in a successful listing on AIM in February 2017. The Group has successfully carved out a differentiated niche in the global benefits market offering the global reach of the multinational insurers combined with the flexibility and customer responsiveness of local brokers and managing agents. This differentiated proposition underpinned by our international network of distribution partners has propelled the ongoing growth of the business. We are careful to ensure that the levels of customer service exceed expectations and by operating across the value chain we seek to maintain close control over the service. Over the past year we have benefitted from our focus on niche markets underserved by our competitors and remain the only insurer quoted on the London Stock Exchange that derives all of its revenues from the international medical life disability and travel insurance markets. Strong financial performance Gross written premiums GWP grew 19.4 percent to 183.5 million driven by moderate rate increases and growth in policy count. An increase in the business we retain on balance sheet underpinned by our consistent loss ratio track record drove higher net earned premiums up 29.3 percent to 91.4 million. Overall net revenues grew 24.2 percent to 134.3 million. Our commitment to delivering underwriting profit to our reinsurers enabled by the quality of our underwriting operations and data history led to continued strong insurance profits for the year. With the business growing rapidly we are focused on ensuring the appropriate level of investment in the operational infrastructure of the business. Investment in operations including in staffing levels and training led to the expense ratio increasing to 29.6 percent FY 2016 28.6 percent. This investment in growth will enable our growth plans to be undertaken from a position of platform strength. EBITDA in the year was 13.6 million a growth of 10.6 percent during the year. Profit before tax increased 29.8 percent to 13.9 million FY 2016 10.7 million. Profit attributable to the Group after tax increased 29.8 percent to 13.5 million FY 2016 10.4 million. Bob Dubrish Chief Executive Officer GBGI Annual Report 2017 05 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our underlying basic EPS was 0.18. This is a strong performance achieved against a backdrop of the successful IPO project. It is pleasing to deliver good returns for our shareholders whilst allowing for future investment and growth. A more detailed commentary can be found in the Chief Financial Officers review on pages 07 to 09. A landmark year The year to 30 June 2017 marked a number of important strategic milestones for the business The Group was admitted to trading on AIM in February 2017. We increased our global reach by adding territories and deepening our operations in existing territories. We built out our managed service offering a new revenue stream for us and underpinned our risk profile via our strategic reinsurance agreement with AXA. Admission to AIM Our admission to AIM was an important milestone for the business. GBGI was originally founded in 1981. The Group has evolved in this time growing in a controlled manner and establishing an international footprint without incurring a global fixed cost base. Obtaining a public listing was important for us on a number of different levels not least via the 32 million of capital raised to support expansion opportunities but more fundamentally as recognition that GBGI is a leader of standing and substance in the international benefits market. The listing has improved our corporate governance procedures and transparency of performance and position factors welcomed by our regulator ratings agency and commercial partners. Finally we were able to welcome new shareholders onto the register and I look forward to maintaining a close dialogue with our shareholders going forward. Maximising our reach In April 2017 we announced a new strategic partnership with a new Georgiabased insurance company. This new business JSC Risk Management and Insurance Company will target corporate insurance sectors both in Georgia and across Central and Eastern Europe. Whilst GBGI is already active in over 120 jurisdictions we continually assess and conduct due diligence in territories where we are not currently active to determine if its appropriate for shareholders to allocate resources and capital. Im pleased with the progress made in Georgia and it is a market demonstrating real potential. In addition to entering new regions we also seek where appropriate to maximise opportunities in existing markets. The Group reaffirmed its position in Latin America and the Caribbean as a leader in the IPMI International Private Medical Insurance market. In 2017 the Group experienced solid revenue growth and profitability in the region its largest geographical market. Building upon our established brand and track record GBGI has expanded its product footprint targeting the corporate market in particular. We can clearly see the opportunities for further product and territory penetration in Latin America and we will seek to deliver on these opportunities whilst delivering a consistently high level of service to customers. New income streams Extending the product offering also presents a strategic growth opportunity and the Group acquired Quality Health Management QHM a Floridabased third party administration TPA firm in January 2017 as a complement to its GBG Assist business. The latter was launched in July 2016 providing worldwide customer support with access to assistance on a wide range of medical services from basic enquiries to emergency medical situations 24 hours a day and in over 180 different languages. Whilst GBG Assist services Group customers it also offers its services to third parties under the QHM brand.