Q. Would it not make more sense to focus on growing home credit and not diversify into digital For some of our stakeholders there would be a comfort factor in sticking to what has proved to be a very successful business model based around the delivery of loans via an agent. The truth however is that neither our customers nor our competitors stand still and we should not either. Customer behaviour is changing and there is a growing preference for digital credit. In addition we have some customers who have been with us for several years who would be capable of obtaining a loan remotely. If consumers have not dealt with us before they may choose to obtain a loan from our purely digital brands. Alternatively if they are an existing or past customer of Provident they may choose to apply for credit through our Providentbranded digital channel. Either way we aim to offer them a choice of channel and product that is most suitable for them. Q. How does stakeholder engagement impact your strategy Consumer finance is an industry that impacts most people and rightly so attracts scrutiny. It is critical to have a positive dialogue with and to listen carefully to our key stakeholders principally our customers employees agents regulators politicians and shareholders. Our aim is to ensure we design and provide products that our customers want are appropriately priced and that if customers find themselves in difficulty with repayments we are understanding and accommodating to their changed circumstances. All of our stakeholders expect us to act in an ethical and transparent way and this is at the heart of how we conduct our business. Q. How do you ensure your people stay engaged with your ethics programme Im sure that most CEOs would say that ethics are very important for their business but in our case we would not have a sustainable business without a very clear and strong ethical culture throughout the organisation. We have mandatory ethics elearning programmes for both employees and agents and I deliver our annual international ethics week with the assistance of our senior leadership team. Many of our customers continue to have limited disposable incomes so it is critically important that the way we incentivise our people does not promote the provision of credit to consumers who are already over indebted or who do not have the means to repay the loan. For that reason our incentives are weighted to promote the right behaviours and not simply to generate new loans. Q. How do you ensure diversity in the workplace We value the significant benefits that having a diverse international team brings. In 2017 we strengthened this further by introducing global functional and regional leadership structures which will encourage further focus on diversity in all its forms as people work more closely together. From a gender diversity perspective we will focus upon building our people strategies further to ensure that we attract retain and develop people on merit. Our global people organisation and planning process ensures that our talent rises in a fair diverse and transparent way and in accordance with our values and ethics. Q. What are your aspirations for the Group in 2018 As far as our core purpose is concerned I see very little if any change as we go into 2018. We are a business that provides credit in a responsible respectful and straightforward way to those who are underbanked and underserved We are an essential part of a competitive and wellfunctioning credit market and by acting in an ethical and transparent way we can help to improve how the overall segment is governed. In terms of business performance we are focused on serving our customers responsibly within a regulatory and competitive landscape that we expect will remain challenging. We will continue to improve the sustainability of our European home credit operations by creating more modern efficient and higher credit quality operations that provide a good service to customers and continue to generate the cash and capital to fund growth opportunities and progressive returns to shareholders. We expect IPF Digital to deliver further strong growth and an improved performance driven by increased scale and enhancements in financial metrics as our new markets grow and mature. In Mexico we expect to return to customer growth expand our geographic footprint and micro business channel and deliver improved operational efficiency in our established branches. 18 Making good progress on our strategy Our goals to serve our customers well and deliver shareholder value drive our strategy. We assess our performance against the following key performance indicators each of which is linked to our longterm strategy. We use these KPIs to monitor the performance of the business to ensure we deliver value for our stakeholders. Key performance indicators Customer numbers 000 Customer retention Employee and agent retention 2290 59.7 Home credit 70.6 IPF Digital 75.2 Employee 61.7 Agent 2016 2017 2663 2015 2521 2016 2290 2017 57.1 2015 59.0 59.7 70.6 70.8 2016 2016 2017 2017 74.5 65.6 73.7 65.0 61.7 75.2 2015 2015 2016 2016 2017 2017 Performance The total number of customers across the Group contracted by 9 in 2017 driven primarily by regulatory and competitive pressures in our European home credit markets. Why we measure it Customer numbers demonstrate our scale in our individual markets. While growth of our customer base is critically important to our continued success we will reject potential new customers and not seek to retain existing customers who contravene our credit policies or have a poor repayment record. Performance The number of customers who have three or more loans with our business. Customer retention in both home credit and IPF Digital was maintained in 2017.