With our significant organic investment in new capacity being commissioned in late 2018 we remain confident in continuing to deliver growth in profitability and driving further value for shareholders in future years. Calum MacLean Chief Executive Officer 1 March 2018 Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 13 Strategic report Global trends driving our growth strategy Our market review What we make Dispersions Nitrile Butadiene Rubber NBR Styrene Butadiene Rubber SBR including compounds high solid SBR formulations Specialities What we do Market position No.1 producer in Europe and Middle East and No.1 producer in Malaysia. No.2 producer globally. No.1 producer in Europe. Principal markets served Construction coatings adhesives and textiles. Health and protection. Paper carpet and foam markets. Specialist markets including automotive PVC manufacture construction and polymer manufacture. Main product areas Cement modification primers flooring adhesives flexible roof coatings emulsion and specialist paints coatings and oilfields. Medical gloves medical devices e.g. catheters and other dipped latex products. Coated paper packaging bindings for carpet foams for mattresses pillows and shoes. Compounds for carpet backing and high solid latex applications. Automotive sound dampening PVC polyester resins for powder coatings catalysts flame retardants and monomers. Megatrends Europe and North America Where we manufacture USA Germany Italy Spain France UK and Czech Republic. Italy. Germany Italy Finland UK Netherlands and Egypt. UK Italy Belgium and Czech Republic. Revenue 315.7m 25.3m 449.7m 344.2m Market trends Outlook Markets are growing environmental regulations moving to waterbased products support growth. Demand in line with strong growth mainly AsiaUS markets. Foam and compounds growing carpet flat graphic paper declining being partly offset by speciality paper and packaging. Positive outlook though challenges in certain catalysts markets continue. Priorities Continued operational and sales synergies. Capacity and capability expansion and debottlenecking operational efficiencies and plant network optimisation. Innovation and operational efficiencies. Integration of new acquisition debottlenecking and asset rationalisation. Expansion into new markets. Innovation integration operational efficiencies capacity debottlenecking. Asia and Rest of the World Where we manufacture Malaysia Vietnam Thailand and Middle East. Malaysia. Malaysia. Malaysia. Revenue 68.3m 210.5m 9.2m 57.3m Market trends Outlook Market growth forecast in South East Asia. Middle East construction sector remains subdued. High growth in end user demand for Nitrile latex gloves. Next generation of product introduced to the market. Strong demand expected medium term particularly in niche products. Increase in demand expected. Priorities Bring Thailand up to Synthomer operational standard and innovation. Delivery of Nitrile latex project in Malaysia commercialisation of SyNovus and operational efficiencies. Expansion of local market with products from Europe and look to maximise asset capacity. Continue to supplement market growth from Europe. Urbanisation Ageing demographics 14 Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 We provide products to a broad range of manufacturing industries. Whilst trends within the various industries vary we aim to drive value from the differing market dynamics whilst focusing our investments on growth markets. One of our aims is to add value by differentiating our products to make them more efficient in use offering superior quality and enhanced product performance. The trends in the market segments are the key driver for Synthomers investment decisions. These trends and industry descriptions are contained in the table below. Read more about our Business Model and Strategy in action on pages 16 23 Read more on how we manage risks on pages 32 37 What we make Dispersions Nitrile Butadiene Rubber NBR Styrene Butadiene Rubber SBR including compounds high solid SBR formulations Specialities What we do Market position No.1 producer in Europe and Middle East and No.1 producer in Malaysia. No.2 producer globally. No.1 producer in Europe. Principal markets served Construction coatings adhesives and textiles. Health and protection. Paper carpet and foam markets. Specialist markets including automotive PVC manufacture construction and polymer manufacture. Main product areas Cement modification primers flooring adhesives flexible roof coatings emulsion and specialist paints coatings and oilfields. Medical gloves medical devices e.g. catheters and other dipped latex products. Coated paper packaging bindings for carpet foams for mattresses pillows and shoes. Compounds for carpet backing and high solid latex applications. Automotive sound dampening PVC polyester resins for powder coatings catalysts flame retardants and monomers. Megatrends Europe and North America Where we manufacture USA Germany Italy Spain France UK and Czech Republic. Italy. Germany Italy Finland UK Netherlands and Egypt. UK Italy Belgium and Czech Republic. Revenue 315.7m 25.3m 449.7m 344.2m Market trends Outlook Markets are growing environmental regulations moving to waterbased products support growth. Demand in line with strong growth mainly AsiaUS markets. Foam and compounds growing carpet flat graphic paper declining being partly offset by speciality paper and packaging. Positive outlook though challenges in certain catalysts markets continue. Priorities Continued operational and sales synergies. Capacity and capability expansion and debottlenecking operational efficiencies and plant network optimisation. Innovation and operational efficiencies. Integration of new acquisition debottlenecking and asset rationalisation. Expansion into new markets. Innovation integration operational efficiencies capacity debottlenecking. Asia and Rest of the World Where we manufacture Malaysia Vietnam Thailand and Middle East. Malaysia. Malaysia. Malaysia. Revenue 68.3m 210.5m 9.2m 57.3m Market trends Outlook Market growth forecast in South East Asia. Middle East construction sector remains subdued. High growth in end user demand for Nitrile latex gloves. Next generation of product introduced to the market. Strong demand expected medium term particularly in niche products. Increase in demand expected. Priorities Bring Thailand up to Synthomer operational standard and innovation. Delivery of Nitrile latex project in Malaysia commercialisation of SyNovus and operational efficiencies. Expansion of local market with products from Europe and look to maximise asset capacity. Continue to supplement market growth from Europe. Energy conservation Green clean Read more on pages 26 28 Read more on pages 29 31 Synthomer plc Annual Report 2017 15 Strategic report Creating and sustaining value through innovative solutions Business model Our sustainable value chain Logistics Our specialist logistics teams work on ensuring safe and timely deliveries of excellent products in more than 140 countries.