In its rst year the new Wireless and Thermal Systems WTS division performed well. The potential here is substantial and we will continue to make the investments needed to secure future growth opportunities. WTS covers three broad technologies connectivity controls and active thermal management. We brought these together to better leverage the substantial array of engineering skills and technologies at our disposal. Connectivity and Thermal both delivered yearonyear revenue progress with Connectivity being the stronger. The Controls product group was impacted in the previous year by the signicant external headwinds in one key market the US rail freight sector. The market has not yet rebounded although we do expect it to strengthen over time. In the meantime there has been some encouraging early progress in our plan to diversify both by product and geographies. 14 Laird PLC Annual Report Financial Statements 2017 Chief Executives review Our goal is to deliver longterm sustainable revenue and earnings growth. A stronger company with encouraging momentum Looking ahead an area with some potential for WTS is Machine Condition Monitoring a highgrowth market addressing strong customer demand for solutions that contribute to productivity and efficiency by monitoring performance of critical industrial equipment. Laird has a track record of excellence in wireless connectivity and deep expertise in missioncritical environments which will be highly relevant. In Performance Materials PM we saw good revenue growth albeit against a relatively weak comparative in the prior year. We have focused on improving the productivity of our manufacturing and operations as well as improving our internal processes and correcting our commercial inefficiencies. The top line performance in 2017 demonstrates that the actions taken to stabilise and improve our commercial and operational performance in PM have delivered results with growth in all parts of the division but particularly in Thermal Materials and Precision Metals. In Thermal Materials the automotive market presents an attractive growth opportunity where we may have a real opportunity to generate value. The proliferation of electronics within the vehicle requires thermal and shielding solutions where we very much excel. Medical and absorber markets in Europe and the US are also promising focus areas. In PM we are working to establish a model that can deliver earnings growth yearonyear through the smartphone cycle. This requires targeted investment in nonsmartphone business to drive diversication. We aim to leverage our unique materials science capability to develop differentiated solutions for our customers a key to driving future protability. In Connected Vehicle Solutions CVS we are delivering strong revenue growth. In 2017 we exceeded 750m in future contract wins which will fuel growth in future years. CVS has a full connectivity package to offer the major automotive manufacturers and within that a strong suite of connectivity and smart device integration products. As a leading global provider of endtoend automotive connectivity we have continued to benet from the very strong relationships we have established in both the US and Europe. It is a market with very strong growth dynamics but also highly competitive. It takes early investment to win contract opportunities and that impacts margins. But we focus continually on sharpening our operations to maximise internal efficiencies. An important step for us this year was the establishment of our new research and design centre in Grand Blanc Michigan in the heart of Americas automotive industry. With stateoftheart engineering and design facilities testing laboratories for quality assurance and other facilities this new centre keeps Laird at the forefront of automotive connectivity RD. People Lairds people are our enduring advantage and in the last 12 months I have signicantly strengthened Lairds leadership team. I want to thank the new executive team for driving our strong performance this year. Laird will only grow and prosper if we have the right people and invest in human capability across the company. Together we will write the next chapter in Lairds story. Outlook Laird made signicant progress and delivered a much improved performance this year underpinned by our resolute focus on operational excellence. The steps taken have laid the rm foundations needed to build a platform for the future. We have started 2018 with good underlying trading momentum across the majority of the business with new business wins and new product launches expected to support future growth. We expect to demonstrate continued progress in underlying nancial performance this year despite possible challenges in premium smartphone end markets. However as I write this we do have currency headwinds against our reported results which are in Sterling This should not distract from driving improvements in the sustainability of underlying prot and quality of earnings over the long term. We aim to harness our engineering expertise our market insights and our reputation for delivery to outperform our competitors The strong results secured by the actions taken over the past 12 months demonstrate the underlying strength of Laird. This strength has been recognised by Advent International who have offered a substantial premium to buy the Group. With almost 200 years of history Laird has signicant prospects to grow and strengthen for many more years to come. Tony Quinlan Chief Executive 1 March 2018 15 Overview Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Revenue 936.6m 16.8 2016 801.6m Underlying prot before tax 67.3m 31.7 2016 51.1m Reported protloss before tax 57.0m 2016 122.3m What we measure 1. Revenue 936.6m 16.8 2016 801.6m Denition Current year revenue from the nancial statements. Aligned to strategy point 3 Why we measure Quanties the growth in revenue to external customers. How we did We achieved 16.8 growth in revenue in 2017 with all three divisions contributing to the growth. Focus for 2018 Our strategy is to grow revenue above the blended average growth rate of the markets that we serve. 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 m 936.6 801.6 630.4 564.9 537.0 2. Underlying prot before tax 67.3m 31.7 2016 51.1m Denition See page 27 for a full denition and reconciliation.