I want to build on this and make AstraZeneca a great place to work a simplied business that comprises a diverse and talented workforce operating in a high performance culture which enables us to bring great medicines to patients. Senior Executive Team In January 2013 we announced changes to our Senior Executive Team which were designed to provide sharper management focus as well as devolving and accelerating decision making. Changes include increased representation of the Companys scientic expertise product portfolio and key regions. Members of the new SET are shown on pages 108 and 109 and I look forward to working with them all on delivering our strategic goals. As a result of the changes two senior roles were eliminated President of RD held by Martin Mackay and Executive Vice President Global Commercial held by Tony Zook. Both Martin and Tony left their respective roles in January 2013 and I would like to thank them for their contribution and the exemplary leadership they have shown. Innovation and growth In closing I would like to thank everyone in AstraZeneca for their support and making me feel so welcome. My rst three months as Chief Executive Ofcer conrmed the nature and scale of the challenges we face. Those months also conrmed my view that within the organisation we have both the capabilities and skills necessary to achieve scientic leadership return to growth and be a great place to work. I am sure that by being true to our mission of bringing innovative medicines to patients we can meet our short and mediumterm goals and thereby deliver our longer term aspirations for the business. Pascal Soriot Chief Executive Ofcer We must focus on delivering great medicines to patients through innovative science and global excellence in development and commercialisation. Strategy The value of innovation AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2012 10 Innovation means better health outcomes for patients Our innovative medicines are playing a part in increasing survival rates and improving quality of life for patients in important areas of medical need. For example BrilintaBrilique our treatment for acute coronary syndromes shows a 21 relative reduction in cardiovascular mortality against the current standard of care over a 12 month duration of therapy. In the UK the government has announced it is to extend the inuenza vaccination programme to all children recommending use of our nasal spray vaccine Fluenz. Even with moderate vaccination uptake the UK alone could see around a 40 drop in the number of people affected. That would mean at least 11000 fewer hospitalisations as a result of inuenza and around 2000 fewer deaths a year. AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2012 11 Performance Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Strategy Overview Innovation is not always about breakthrough discoveries medical progress can often be delivered just as effectively through incremental improvements. Strategy Our business model AstraZeneca Annual Report and Form 20F Information 2012 12 Our strategic context AstraZeneca competes as a global biopharmaceutical business delivering great medicines to patients through innovative science and excellence in development and commercialisation. neurological disorders cancer and respiratory and inammatory conditions. This is the core of our commitment to our stakeholders and society. Successful pharmaceutical innovation delivered responsibly improves health for patients brings benets to stakeholders and delivers longterm shareholder value. The process of getting a medicine to market from initial discovery through development to approval and launch is risky costly and time consuming. Of the many thousands of compounds initially analysed only a few make it through all stages of development. The gure overleaf illustrates the process we follow. Our activities cover the entire lifecycle of a medicine and start with the identication of an unmet medical need and the scientic search for a potential medicine. The process continues through the phases of clinical trials and drug development regulatory submission and a medicines launch. After launch our lifecycle management process including line extensions is designed to ensure a medicines continued safe use and to explore its potential for treating other diseases or extending its use into additional patient populations. As the gure overleaf shows we work in partnership with others to deliver the highest quality new medicines to market rapidly. For example we work with those who pay for our medicines and health technology appraisers early on and throughout a In this section we describe our business model and review the key growth drivers and challenges that the pharmaceutical sector faces. We then describe AstraZenecas response to these factors and the ongoing update to our strategy a strategy that seeks to make a real difference to patient health deliver longterm value for our shareholders and add value for our other stakeholders and wider society. Our business model Improving health is one of the toughest challenges facing the world today. Despite all the advances in recent decades the prevalence of major diseases is on the increase. The worlds population is growing and ageing. Health awareness and patients expectations are rising while healthcare systems everywhere are under pressure. It will take a sustained and signicant effort to drive continued progress in healthcare. As a global biopharmaceutical company AstraZeneca has a key contribution to make. Our skills and resources are focused on the discovery development manufacturing and commercialisation of patentprotected medicines that make a meaningful difference to patients facing some of the worlds most serious health challenges heart disease diabetes gastrointestinal disorders infection medicines development to understand where the greatest clinical needs are. As we develop our medicines we gather not only the clinical data required for regulatory approval but also the health economics costbenet and valueinuse data required by payers. An essential element of our business model is the creation and protection of our underlying intellectual property assets. This process is outlined in the diagram above.