We are also exploring the provision larger schemes opening up exciting development potential on certain sites as well as providing for completely new land opportunities. As of Our Management Services business year adding 48 new developments to our own management services allows with our customers providing personal standards of customer satisfaction. Our customers We are pleased to report that we have once again achieved the full Five Star customers have said that they would every year since it was introduced in and service we deliver is a strong endorsement of our continued desire Quality construction site managers who achieve Our employees dedication enthusiasm and expertise of excellence that provides opportunities for development and recognises those employees who go the extra mile for a customer or colleague through to report that in our most recent I am also pleased to report that we have continued to make good progress with developing a culture of excellence Chief Executives Statement continued STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS McCarthy Stone plc Annual Report and Accounts 31 2 312 FY16 264 DID YOU KNOW Image 2. Walmsley Place Bishops Waltham safety culture across our organisation. site inspection programme including regular reporting updates to the using drones for roof inspection to reduce the need for work at height. Housing White Paper Housing White Paper Fixing our were particularly pleased to see a the need to increase the provision of specialist retirement housing. stimulate the market to deliver new homes for older people and is introducing a new statutory duty Act on the Secretary of State to for local planning authorities on how their local development documents should meet the housing needs of older this duty will set clearer expectations older people including supporting the development of such homes near local services and we understand In addition the White Paper notes the explore ways to help older people move future incentives. We are working information on how this incentive might older people to move which would also housing ladder and encourage further demand for retirement housing. Government consultation on launched a consultation on tackling unfair practices in the leasehold market with particular reference to leasehold housing and unfair escalation clauses for ground rents. We understand and support the need for action in this area. and increases are linked to the higher every ten years and we understand the further proposals around reducing ground rent income for all leasehold Leasehold is a common and widely accepted form of tenure for apartment the same site often with competing guidance in place it can work well and keep the freeholder actively involved in the development and is a key part of this system. We have responded consultation and we await its outcome. Outlook and current trading on track to support our growth of the c.80 sales releases which the successfully launched and this has occupations are planned to increase the second half of the year due to the a strong net cash position and an experienced management team in place. We also have the necessary regional infrastructure and strength to deliver our strategic growth than 3000 units per annum and Clive Fenton 32 McCarthy Stone plc Our Business Model Our customers and companionship Addressing undersupply of homes dedicated to and marketing construction in a sa e environment management services land buying and design 4. Unique sales 3. Industryleading 5. Customer ocused 1. Targeted 2. E ective planning We build our products We buy land and secure detailed planning consents in locations where we know our customers would be happy to live shareholders We provide Our developments are marketed to attract older homeowners looking to downsize Our apartments are high quality and designed around the needs of older n customers STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS McCarthy Stone plc Annual Report and Accounts 33 sales through to legal completion to our customers and homeowners changing needs 34 McCarthy Stone plc Our Business Model continued Targeted land buying Strategic aim KPI Land bank units 2287 4504 6791 1883 Finished stock 1512 10186 4.4 years 9967 FY16 10186 4.3 FY16 4.4 0.5 bn FY16 0.5bn 75 FY16 65 KPIs 1 Image 1. Willoughby Place BourtonontheWater STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS McCarthy Stone plc Annual Report and Accounts 35 land and build We have continued to make good Strategic priority Investment in land and build Retirement Living Retirement Living Plus Lifestyle Living 20 sites 27 48 sites 64 7 sites 9 Highlights in the year Land secured with a high level of still highly fragmented operational focus and discipline in the assessment of its land purchases to ensure that returns continue to Land was secured across all Land bank occupations occupations Ocean House Carlyon Bay The story agreement to purchase the site of planning issues relating to the loss of the hotel and employment and to Extensive engagement with local community interest groups and the providing specialist retirement concerns regarding the loss of the existing use. site were successfully approved on apartments less than 300 feet from Each luxurious Lifestyle Living 36 McCarthy Stone plc Our Business Model continued Targeted land buying 2 1 Background to our land buying located within towns and cities Less competition for our sites locations payments team ensuring a consistent negotiation of planning applications Images 1. Olivier Place Wilton 1 See page 158 for glossary of terms Land Planning Director STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS McCarthy Stone plc Annual Report and Accounts 37 Images 1. Calico Court Glossop 2.