Colin Smith OBE NonExecutive Chairman 27 March 2018 09 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Overview Strategic report Governance Financial statements 10 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Strategic report Chief Executives summary 2017 was a transformational year through the acquisition of Seachill and expansion in New Zealand and Central Europe. Robert Watson OBE Chief Executive Strategic objectives Our strategy continues to be to support our customers brands and their development in local markets whilst achieving attractive and sustainable growth in shareholder value. This straightforward approach has generated growth over an extended period of time and with a strong reputation well invested modern facilities and a robust balance sheet the Group remains well positioned to achieve continuing progress. Hilton seeks to build long term customer and shareholder value by focusing on Growing volumes and extending product ranges supplied and services provided to its existing customers Optimising the use of its assets and investing in new technology and capacity expansion as required Maintaining a vigilant focus on food safety and integrity and reducing unit costs while improving product quality and service provision and Entering new territories and markets either with new customers or in partnership with our existing customers. We will continue to pursue measured geographical expansion and range extension whilst at the same time actively developing enriching deepening and expanding the scope of our existing business partnerships playing a full and proactive role in supporting our customers and the successful development of their brands. We have successfully expanded our product range into new proteins such as fish as well as fresh foods including pizzas and soups. Business model Our business model is the means by which we deliver on our strategic objectives. The Hilton business model is proven and sustainable whilst being relatively simple and straightforward. We operate large scale extensively automated and robotised meat and fish processing and packing facilities for major international multiple retailers on a dedicated basis. Central Europe is an exception where our facility in Poland supplies multiple retailers in order to achieve critical mass in terms of volumes supplied and as a consequence gives us the ability to achieve competitive unit packing costs. Raw material meat and fish is sourced in conjunction with our retail partners from a combination of local sources and a wide international base of proven suppliers. It is then processed packed and delivered to the retailers distribution centres or stores. Our plants are highly automated and use advanced robotics for the storage of raw materials and finished products. Developing robotics technology has been extended in recent years both in the production environment and to the sorting of finished products by retailer store order achieving material supply chain efficiencies for our customers. We seek to keep ourselves at the forefront of the meat and fish packing industry which helps ensure our continued competitiveness. We constantly look to drive efficiencies always maintaining a pipeline of clear identifiable cost reduction initiatives and an open minded approach designed to continually challenge the status quo. We consider our modern very wellinvested facilities to be a key factor in keeping unit packing costs as low as possible. Over the past thirteen years we have invested continuously across all areas of our business including the sourcing of raw materials the design of packaging materials increased efficiency in processing and storage solutions and updating our IT infrastructure. Group capital expenditure over the period 20042017 has totalled 238m. We have facilities in six countries in Europe each run by a local management team enhanced by specialist central leadership expertise advice and support. These businesses operate under the terms of five to ten year long term supply agreements with our retailer partners either on a cost plus packing rate or volume based reward basis. These contractual arrangements combined with our customer dedication serve to maximise achievable volume throughput whilst minimising unit packing costs thereby delivering value to our customers. In Australia and Portugal together with our retailer partners facilities are operated under joint venture companies who receive volume related management fees. 11 Hilton Food Group plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 Overview Strategic report Governance Financial statements Under the long term supply agreements we have in place with our customers the parameters of our revenue are clearly defined. As well as income derived from the supply of retail packed meat and fish products there are also provisions whereby our income can be increased or decreased subject to achievement of certain preagreed and predefined key performance measures and targets designed to align our objectives with those of our customers. We are a committed and loyal partner with a continuing record of delivering value through quality products with the highest levels of food safety traceability and integrity whilst providing a range of services which enable our customers to evolve and improve their meat and fish supply chain management. Our customer base comprises high quality multiple retailers and our in depth understanding of our customers needs together with those of their consumers enables us to play an active role in managing their meat and fish supply chains whilst providing agile solutions to supply chain challenges as they arise. As our customers markets change and competition increases we need to keep a constant focus on the challenges they face so we can put forward flexible solutions together with continuing increases in efficiency and cost competitiveness. This flexible approach and understanding of our local markets remains one of our core strengths. The strength of our long term partnerships with our retail customers has been a key driver of our growth since the Group was formed and will continue to underpin the Groups strategy.