As announced in February 2017 we were informed by HarperCollins that our contract for the production of monochrome books in the UK would not be renewed. The contract ended on 30 June 2017. As a result of the nonrenewal significant restructuring and cost reduction initiatives have been implemented. We continue to adapt to suit the evolving needs of clients leveraging our wellinvested digital print technology to provide a broader product range greater capacity to support fast lead times and lower stockholding with a continued focus on extending supply chain solutions to reduce the overall cost of the books supply chain. the market remains extremely price competitive in all areas. As a result over the period the management team has been focussed on protecting margins through driving efficiency improvements and cost reductions. Moving forward our priority is on strategic growth opportunities in markets that value service and innovation and which further reduce the segments overreliance on grocery retail. This will include delivering a wider portfolio of goods and services that cover the whole of the marketing operations sphere of brands and retailers. We will also continue to focus on margin protection while differentiating our competitive offering through targeted investment in new service lines and further additional crosssales initiatives. Before Adjusting Items. See note 7 on page 93. 2017 2016 m m Marketing Activation revenue 153.7 154.8 Marketing Activation Adjusted operating profit 4.3 8.1 2017 2016 m m Books revenue 76.5 68.6 Books Adjusted operating profit 2.6 5.8 Adjusted operating profit Adjusted operating profit 2017 153.7m 2016 154.8m 2.6m 5.8m 2017 2016 153.7m 76.5m 4.3m 2.6m Revenue Revenue 4.3m 8.1m 2017 2016 2017 76.5m 2016 68.6m 10 St Ives plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGY IN ACTION Collaboration Collaboration remains a key strategic pillar of St Ives overall strategy for growth. By supporting partnerships and joint working practices between our businesses the Group allows them to organically build and share new skills and expertise while avoiding the need to enforce change. The number of clients now working with more than one business across the Group is 209 compared to 150 in the previous year. In particular we have made great strides in collaboration among our Digital businesses. Appointing a new Digital board to oversee Realise Amaze and Branded3 has also provoked new partnerships. Similarly the promotion of Response One Managing Director Damian Coverdale to now include responsibility for Amaze One Bench and Occam is a driver of growth in those companies but is also helping to foster new collaborations between Data and Digital teams. 2017 209 2016 150 209 Number of clients now working with more than one business across the Group CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT OUR FIGURES 11 St Ives plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Following the successful roll out of the website which Pizza Hut described as its digital flagship restaurant Amaze was tasked with transforming the brands Customer Relationship Management CRM. Quick wins such as increasing visit frequency average order value and boosting appeal to millennials were the goal of the new strategy. Amaze engaged Amaze One to improve Pizza Huts existing CRM communications but time was tight. With deadlines pressing embedding an Amaze One team member within Pizza Huts campaign team proved vital not only to the success of the campaigns but to the success of the relationship. Once in place the Amaze One team member got up to speed with the way of working fast. He worked with the Pizza Hut team to optimise campaign set ups selections and delivery enhancing targeting and segmentation and making other improvement recommendations. Pizza Hut were delighted with his contribution and one project was up and running within a day providing valuable specialist support for Amaze. One key area of collaboration was in workshops involving the client team Amaze and Amaze One. The purpose was to understand the current and planned data landscape and unlock the insight needed to formulate recommendations for immediate and potential improvements to the CRM programme. Amaze and Amaze One are now using the workshop outcomes to develop recommendations to support communications planning activities develop early life customer journeys and identify potential CRM quick wins. The collaboration between the St Ives businesses has so far proved extremely successful. Having defined top line customer journeys they are now developing these further focusing on messaging creative General Data Protection Regulation GDPR compliance and more. WORKING TOGETHER TO ENSURE PIZZA HUTS CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE CANT BE TOPPED Pizza Hut Find out more about Amaze www.amaze.com 12 St Ives plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT STRATEGY IN ACTION CONTINUED Collaboration continued Our Digital businesses operate in a connected society with the positive outcome of fostering a culture of collaboration in these forwardthinking organisations. The Groups strategic pillar of collaboration is firmly embedded in its Digital businesses. This is now regarded as a core foundation for success in a market demanding pace agility and innovation. We collaborate firstly in the interests of our clients but just as importantly in the interests of our people. Its a central premise from which we derive our solutions and our ideas says Fiona Proudler Managing Director of Amaze and Realise. Since the closer alignment of Amaze Realise and Branded3 there has been an accelerated move towards greater collaboration. Clients want results. They are singleminded in this Proudler continues. Our role is to generate results by bringing together the experts that exist across our businesses and getting them to collaborate on the problem. Where they sit on a group structure chart is not important to the client. Its a sense of shared vision and values and a commitment to deliver that matter. Not every project or brief requires this approach but increasingly the answer does lie in a blend of skills from a number of different teams and locations. Proudler cites Standard Life Investments as a good example.