Demonstrating resilience Despite our strong performance we are not complacent. Our commitments and ambitions get more stretching over the remainder of the current Asset Management Period AMP and the resilience of our business continues to be tested frequently. I am proud to say the Company and colleagues have responded well to the challenges presented in 201617. For example following the floods of late 2015 we have continued to make excellent progress towards recovering the pipes pumping stations and treatment works that were damaged by the winter deluge. The flooding contributed to a reduction in compliance with our waste water treatment works discharge permits down from 99.32 to 97.61. In addition flood damage to our thermal hydrolysis plant in Bradford caused us to miss our Performance Commitment for renewable energy generation. I am pleased to report that the plant is now performing well and we expect to meet our future energy generation targets and exceed them by 2020. We have gone beyond the simple recovery of our assets. In February we announced a new natural flood management plan for the Calder Valley where various flood management initiatives will be implemented over the next ten years including the planting of 200000 trees to slow the flow from moorland catchments above Gorpley Reservoir. This forms part of a multiagency response to the flooding issues faced by local communities. Collaboration has always been and remains a key part of the Companys values and we are working closely with local councils the Environment Agency community groups and conservationists to implement this innovative work. In July 2016 the actions of a third party led to the contamination of water supplies in Thorne near Doncaster. Thanks to the efforts of our field team supplies were quickly returned to normal with immediate action taken to protect customer safety. Legal action has been undertaken against the third party and measures have been taken to prevent reoccurrence. The Drinking Water Inspectorate praised our swift response and willingness to share our learnings with other UK water companies. While drinking water quality within Yorkshire remained excellent with 99.962 of hundreds of thousands of samples meeting stringent regulatory standards we missed our stretching Performance Commitment for the number of customer contacts regarding water quality. We achieved our Performance Commitment for pollution incidents in 201617 continuing the longterm trend of reducing the number of serious Category 1 and 2 pollution incidents caused by our assets or operations. However we were also fined during the year for two pollution incidents that occurred in 2013. These fines served to reinforce our environmental responsibilities as well as our need for constant vigilance and excellent asset and operational management. We are also continuing to ensure the longterm financial resilience of our business. I am pleased that we have reduced gearing levels and continued to implement our new plans to manage our portfolio of indexlinked swaps. Building trust During the remainder of this report we provide a detailed breakdown of all key aspects of our performance for the year 201617 and how were performing against our longerterm Strategic Business Objectives. It is important to us that our customers and stakeholders can trust the information we publish which is why we were extremely disappointed to be placed in the lower prescribed category by Ofwat in the latest assessment under their Company Monitoring Framework. In response we have consulted with our customers on a new assurance plan which was published in early 2017. We have also carried out a major review of the governance quality and assurance of all our regulatory and corporate reports with a view to improving their availability and accessibility. Youll see improvements in this publication and our other reporting. We remain committed to being an open honest and transparent company. Richard Flint Chief Executive 13 July 2017 Page 10 Introductions Strategic Report Governance Independent Auditors Report Statutory Financial Statements We make sure that you always have enough water We protect and improve the water environment We understand our impact on the wider environment and act responsibly We take care of your waste water and protect you and the environment from sewer flooding Internal flooding External flooding Pollution incidents Stability and reliability factor waste water networks Length of river improved Visitor satisfaction Working with others Bathing water quality Land conserved and enhanced Stability and reliability factor waste water quality Energy generation Waste diverted from landfill Quality of customer service SIM Service commitment failures Overall customer satisfaction Number of people who we help to pay their bill Value for money Bad debt We provide you with water that is clean and safe to drink We keep your bills as low as possible We provide the level of customer service you expect and value Drinking water quality compliance Corrective actions Drinking water quality contacts Stability and reliability factor water quality Leakage Water use Water supply interruptions Stability and reliability factor water networks Our performance commitments Customer outcomes Our Performance Commitments Customer Outcomes We are a regulated water and waste water company that provides some of lifes most essential services and we are a custodian of the natural environment and critical infrastructure. We are regulated by three main authorities to act in the best interests of the society we serve the Office of Water Services Ofwat the Environment Agency EA and the Drinking Water Inspectorate DWI. We are part of the Kelda Group and our vision is taking responsibility for the water environment for good. Our vision captures our ambition to go beyond regulatory requirements and our commitment to longterm sustainability. The essence of our vision is doing what is right for customers colleagues partners the environment and investors both in the short and longterm. This holistic and integrated approach is critical to the sustainability of our essential water and waste water services and of our business.