Trading review Total system sales grew by 39.2 to 29.7m with Company revenues increasing by 39.7 to 8.4m. This was achieved through likeforlike owned and franchised hotel sales growth of 9.8 as well as the opening of new owned hotels in Birmingham and Manchester and franchised hotels in Brussels Amsterdam Arena and Amsterdam Zaandam. Occupancy for all owned and franchised hotels was 79.7 2016 76.2. The five hotels opened in the new brand style have all traded very strongly since opening with a combined occupancy in excess of 85. We will continue to monitor their progress closely and the impact on the time taken for new hotels to reach maturity in future. Our strong sales performance led to a 48.3 increase in adjusted EBITDA to 2.30m 2016 1.55m. Owned hotels Our owned hotels continued to win market share with revenue growing by 13.7 on a likeforlike basis. The new booking engine and revenue management system rollout together with selling an allocation of rooms via selected online travel agencies OTAs resulted in our owned hotels significantly outperforming their competitive set as measured by STR throughout the year. As previously announced the Board plans to retain a 92room hotel at Old Street and is applying for planning permission to add additional floors to the building for use as office accommodation which should maximise value from this freehold property. We have started a 1.5m refurbishment of our other two legacy owned assets in Croydon and Glasgow to improve the quality of the hotels and to bring them into line with our new brand look. We expect their refurbishment to be revenue enhancing during the current financial year. Franchise partners Likeforlike revenue at our franchised hotels increased by 8.6 during the financial year with total currency adjusted sales increasing by 32.2. The hotels in Continental Europe performed particularly strongly. Dubai Luton and Heathrow were refurbished during the year and we are discussing refurbishment plans with a number of other franchisees to introduce the new brand look and feel. There were 20 franchised hotels operating in our network at 30 September 2017. Market outlook The UK hotel market performed strongly in 201 7 with Sterlings weakness versus the US Dollar and Euro resulting in an increase in staycations and inbound tourism. Londons RevPAR growth was particularly strong during the first half of the year and encouragingly regional RevPAR has also improved. The European hotel market continued to perform strongly during the financial year. Growth in Europe is still being predominantly driven by occupancy which suggests a healthy supply and demand balance and scope for further rate increases. The Board remains confident that despite any uncertainties surrounding the current Brexit negotiations the easyHotel brand will continue to outperform its hotel sector as consumers seek out the best value for money. Development review Development of owned hotels We have a growing pipeline of hotels under development. Barcelona and Ipswich both acquired last year will open in mid2018. During the year and post year end we secured a further five new hotel sites in aggregate which are listed below Lands Lane Leeds acquired under a 250year ground lease. The 93room hotel will open in mid2018. High Street Sheffield acquired on a freehold basis. The 131room hotel will open in mid2018. Oxford a 25year lease subject to planning permission. The 180room hotel should open during the next financial year. Central Cardiff acquired on a freehold basis subject to planning permission. The 120room hotel will open in 2019. Tune hotel in Newcastle we agreed to take over a 25year lease of a 104room hotel opening as an easyHotel this month. Recently opened hotels with our new and improved design are performing better than their original business case whilst industry wide construction cost inflation has generally added to our owned hotel project costs. On aggregate these projects are still expected to deliver an unlevered return on capital employed ROCE of 1213. 4 easyHotel plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Transforming our business Strategic report Chief Executive Officers review Together with leased hotel projects considered on a limited and specific basis where the acquisition of a suitable freehold site is not currently available or does not meet our investment return targets and our new franchised hotels which are delivering more fees than initially anticipated we expect to deliver a 15 unlevered blended ROCE at Group level. We have 921 owned rooms under development and following the successful 38m gross equity placing in October 2016 and the 12m refinancing of an existing bank facility the Groups assetbacked balance sheet remains strong but with our current development pipeline we are only able to finance one further owned hotel. We continue to see a good number of attractive potential development opportunities to further accelerate the Groups growth. Consequently the Board is considering its financing options which may include new equity and debt to fund these opportunities. Development of franchised hotels There are 1798 franchised rooms currently under development. The 101room hotel in Lisbon the 100room hotel in BernkastelKues the 81room hotel in Belfast the 87room hotel in The Hague Scheveningen the 75room hotel in Maastricht and the 54room hotel in Reading will all open in 2018. We also announced the development of hotels in Bur Dubai 300 rooms Istanbul 300 rooms Iran 500 rooms and Sri Lanka 200 rooms beyond 2018. These hotel openings will enhance our position as the super budget hotel brand of scale in the UK Europe and the Middle East. Pipeline In addition to the 2719 owned and franchised rooms we currently have under development we have extended our pipeline during the year with over 2300 owned and leased rooms under negotiation including c.1000 owned and leased rooms approved by the Board as well as a further c.1300 franchised rooms under negotiation.