Playtech provides all the capabilities across the gambling value chain from software and services to direct customer acquisition and marketing capabilities offering a seamless platform across all gambling verticals and with customer entry points in retail and online. This makes Playtech the partner of choice for the leading land based operators that are best placed to lead the newly regulated online markets. This was demonstrated post period end in January 2018 when Playtech signed an agreement to provide Sociedade de Apostas Sociais SAS with its new online sports book and online casino platform all integrated through Playtechs IMS player management system. SAS is majority owned by Santa Casa Portugals national lottery provider and the launch of an online casino and sports betting offering follows regulation of online gambling in Portugal in late 2016. In the second half of 2017 the Company experienced a slowdown in Malaysia due to changing market conditions. Our strategic position on Asia is unchanged. We operate a risk based approach where our legal and compliance teams are consistently reviewing the regulatory environment to ensure that our presence is commercially beneficial to the Group. As outlined at the trading update in November 2017 the Board and Management is focused on continuing to diversify its revenue base by investing in fast growing regulated and regulating markets in Europe and Latin America through organic growth and MA. This strategy will continue to drive the growth in Playtechs regulated revenue streams and will diversify the geographical makeup of our revenue base. FUTURE MARKETS Between 2018 and 2019 licensing regimes are expected to be introduced in major European countries including the Netherlands Sweden Switzerland and some commentators expect significant steps forward in Germany. Playtech already has an agreement in place with national operator Holland Casino in the Netherlands and remains in discussions with potential customers in others. Latin America remains a key growth territory for online gaming. Mexico is now one of Playtechs top five regulated markets by player jurisdiction following the growth of licensee Caliente. The strength of our operations in Latin America positions us well with the potential significant markets of Peru and Brazil currently reviewing regulations. In the US the outcome of the judicial review on sports betting could represent a milestone towards the regulation of sports betting at a federal level. Currently the limited regulation of online casino does not present a commercially beneficial opportunity for Playtech. However we believe that the potential movement in sports betting regulation would represent an attractive opportunity given the unique strength of our Playtech BGT Sports offering. PLAYTECH ONE Although multichannel approaches are common same content across web mobile and retail Playtechs unique approach to Omnichannel is based on one integrated CRM the IMS. This single CRM across all product verticals and channels allows for a single customer profile and therefore single customer experience. Central to this single customer experience is Playtechs ability to offer integrated products in each vertical. Not only are these products integrated from a branding point of view e.g the Age of the Gods suite available online and in retail across Live Bingo and Casino to drive player interaction across verticals but also integrated in their use and collection of player data allowing for more tailored and successful marketing and player cross sell. Playtech is uniquely positioned given the scale of its platform the capabilities and access to data that scale provides. Playtech ONE creates an ecosystem for operators supporting a data driven offering that improves the engagement with customers significantly within the ecosystem maintaining their loyalty to operator brands. Playtech believes that retail is one of the most powerful bet entry points for customers and our strategy in recent years has been to invest in industry leading retail software capabilities across all verticals. IGS retail casino software ECM the retail Bingo software and BGT as part of Playtech BGT Sports allow landbased operators to capture retail player traffic as part of the Playtech ONE ecosystem. IMS THE PLAYTECH PLATFORM One of the most powerful elements of Playtech ONE is the use of the data collected across the breadth of the verticals and channels. Key to our strategy is the continued development of the functionality of the Playtech platform as we continue to utilise the player data and intelligence collated via the IMS. As the gambling market continues to mature the focus for operators in developed markets such as the UK continues to move beyond player acquisition to focus on player retention and ultimately increasing player life time value. The platform allows for industry standard bonusing together with more sophisticated mechanics including automated cashback freespins golden chips for table and card games and other types of bonuses. All these promotional methods can be controlled and configured by the operator allowing for stringent liability and monetary control. Games Advisor is a realtime driven recommendation engine based on sophisticated real time algorithms that suggests other games the player might be interested in with high probability dependent on many gamespecific variables including volatility win hit frequency and win distribution. During the second half of 2017 we have seen the number of Tier One licensee active marketing campaigns managed through the Playtech Campaign Manager more than double to over 4000 active campaigns with some managing hundreds in parallel. The acquisition of BetBuddy the Responsible Gambling analytics solution provider represents a continuation of Playtechs strategy to acquire complimentary software that will utilise the big data collated via the IMS and add to the industry leading services available to operators on Playtechs platform. Furthermore in 2017 Playtech signed a strategic partnership with Featurespace to integrate its realtime gameplay fraud detection models into the IMS already considerable player protection tool kit. GPAS MARKETPLACE GPAS Gaming Platform as a Service provides the next step in Playtechs relationship with licensees content providers and developers.