This ought to be a compelling case for many shareholders seeking security of income returns coupled with longerterm prospects of capital upside. Nick Basing Chairman 21 March 2018 This ought to be a compelling case for many shareholders seeking security of income returns coupled with longer term prospects of capital upside. Strategic report 7 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Ten Entertainment Group plc We believe that the Groups commitment to people and their development in turn results in exceptional customer service. We are pleased with the Groups performance during FY17 achieving the Boards expectations delivering total sales growth of 8.9 adjusted EBITDA growth of 14 and adjusted earnings per share of 16.2p. Reported profit after tax grew by 43. Putting families and friends at the heart of our strategy has been instrumental in driving our sustainable growth model. Our strategy of organic growth growth through acquisition and growth through ongoing investment in our estate have all combined to support our growth during FY17. Revenue grew by 8.9 to 71.0m when compared to the proforma 52week sales for FY16 proforma sales reflect comparison to the 52 weeks between week 253 of FY16 to adjust for the impact of the 53rd week in FY16 explained further on page 26. This growth was driven by an encouraging combination of both likeforlike sales growth of 3.6 driven by a combination of spend per head and footfall and growth from the addition of new sites of 5.3. Three site acquisitions were completed during the year in line with our estate growth target range of two to four acquisitions per year. On a 52week vs. 53week reported basis revenue grew by 5.5. Likeforlike sales growth was driven by our continuing focus on good value family entertainment improving our customer service standards and Net Promoter Score and our ongoing investment into the estate. The refurbishments completed at the end of FY16 at five of the sites acquired in FY15 supported strong likeforlike growth in these sites in what was their second year under the Tenpin brand. This is supportive of our unique Tenpinisation strategy our proven process of converting acquisitions to the T enpin model whereby on acquisition sites go through a sevenstep integration plan introducing new company controls and IT and embedding operational systems to create multichannel connectivity maximise yield and review for further capital investment all supported by our skilled people. Over and above this we know there is further opportunity and potential for us to enhance our sales by better use of digital marketing. We have increased the size of our contactable database by 25 during the year and recruited a new digital marketing Director to drive engagement with both our existing and potential new customers. Group adjusted EBITDA on the same proforma basis grew by 14.4 to 19.0m FY16 PF 16.6m with growth driven by a combination of the likeforlike sales growth and sales growth from increasing the number of sites in the estate together with good underlying cost control from our selfhelp programmes. These selfhelp programmes included the implementation of a new payroll management system late in FY16 and improved rents at four sites as a result of negotiated lease regears both of which combined to drive underlying operating cost reductions of around 1. On a 52week vs. 53week reported basis EBITDA grew by 8.0. As planned we made good further progress with our acquisition programme during FY17 completing the acquisitions of three sites in Blackburn Eastbourne and Rochdale. Tenpinisation has been completed at all three sites. Both Blackburn and Eastbourne were also refurbished during the year with Rochdale planned for refurbishment during FY18. The sites have transitioned well to the Tenpin model and overall are performing in line with our original expectations. We remain confident in the pipeline of acquisition opportunities as we look ahead and during FY18 we expect to grow the estate further in line with previous guidance of two to four sites per year. We have made good early progress with this objective having completed the acquisition of two sites in Warrington and Chichester in February. Chief Executives statement Alan Hand Chief Executive Officer Putting families and friends at the heart of our strategy has been instrumental in driving our sustainable growth model Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Ten Entertainment Group plc 8 Strategic report These sites have started their Tenpinisation programme and will undergo significant refurbishments during FY18. During the second half of FY17 we completed refurbishments of existing estate sites in line with our plans at Derby Swansea and Leamington Spa together with a refurbishment at Ipswich acquired in FY16. In total across both the existing estate and acquired sites six sites benefitted from Tenpinisation and refurbishment investment during FY17 at a total cost of 1.3m. During FY18 we will continue to invest in our sites including a planned refurbishment and extension of our site in Fountain Park and selective returnfocused investment in refurbishments at a small number of further sites in the existing estate. Finally on investment expenditure and in line with our previous guidance we completed the installation of the innovative Pins Strings technology at a further five sites Croydon Parrs Wood Northampton Glasgow and Derby during the second half of FY17 at a total cost of 1.0m. Pins Strings is an innovative new generation bowling machine that requires less maintenance is simpler to operate and provides improved reliability for customers demonstrated by improvements in the key games played per stop metric. We are encouraged with the early results at these sites and evidence confirms that Pins Strings has the potential to both improve the cost efficiency of our sites and also improve the overall customer experience. As a result of the successful trial we now plan to roll out Pins Strings across the estate over time and expect to introduce the technology to around a further ten sites during FY18.