Despite economic uncertainties and the potential for more regulatory change I remain confident that our new structure and new product ranges coupled with the strength of our existing businesses position us well to deliver strong growth and sustainable returns into the future. Robert G Dench Chairman 23 November 2017 PAGE 12 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts A2 BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY Simple The Group has a simple business model underpinned by a focus on people and a commitment to a single set of values. Income Assets Funding Profitability The Group generates income from interest fees and charges earned on its mortgage consumer and SME loan assets. It also earns fees from third parties for administering similar loans on their behalf. To grow its income the Group focuses on building its asset base by originating new loans developing new products and acquiring loan portfolios. The Group funds its assets using a variety of sources including savings deposits securitisation and bond issuance. It takes care to secure competitive funding over an appropriate term to underpin its assets cover working capital requirements and maintain a strong financial position. Profitability is a key measure of success and the Group manages all aspects of its business closely to deliver sustainable and growing returns to its shareholders. A2.1 PARAGON OVERVIEW Paragon is a specialist financial services business operating in the UK. In September 2017 the Group carried out a strategic reorganisation transitioning to a banking group. The scope of the regulated bank was increased while focussing the Groups business around product lines and streamlining governance. This gives the Group enhanced access to retail funding and opens up new business opportunities and forms a natural step in our development supporting further diversification of our funding and income. Growing Bestknown as one of the countrys leading independent buytolet lenders the Group is growing its business by expanding into broader mortgage consumer and Small or Mediumsized Enterprise SME markets through its banking subsidiary. Paragon is also one of the UKs largest portfolio purchasers through its Idem Capital division where it purchases comanages and services secured and unsecured consumer loan portfolios. Specialist Through its underwriting and account management experience over many years the Group has developed a deep expertise in broader data analytics together with advanced risk and credit management capabilities. These strengths are complemented by a highly developed loan servicing platform and through the cycle experience in its senior management team. It is this expertise that enables it to tailor lending products for specialist target markets and effectively manage complex consumer loan portfolios. PAGE 13 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts Operations Paragons operations are organised into three divisions each with responsibility for achieving asset and profit growth with new lending funded principally through an online personal savings operation. The three divisions are supported by the Group through the provision of capital to underpin growth and where appropriate with central services including loan servicing marketing information technology and legal support. The Groups central funding is provided by a mix of equity and corporate and retail bonds. IDEM CAPIT AL COMMERCIAL LENDING First and second charge mortgages Acquired consumer loan portfolios Asset based loan products for SME businesses and consumers Focus on buytolet but also targeting underserved sectors in owneroccupied market Second charge and unsecured loan portfolios generated by third party UK lenders Asset and motor finance development finance and other commercial lending products 143.3m segment profit 75.9m segment profit 14.1m segment profit Over 65000 buytolet loan accounts 9.7 billion assets Owneroccupied lending launched in year New lending financed from retail savings balances Over 100000 savings customers Bank of England funding accessed 0.7 billion loan assets Over 215000 customer accounts 0.4 billion loan assets Structured lending business launched in year. Segment profits are before central costs of 88.1m. Figures at 30 September 2017. Paragon Banking Group Fast Facts MORTGAGES Established in 1985 145.2 million underlying operating profit Headquartered in Solihull FTSE250 listed Over 1300 employees Over 450000 customer loan accounts managed 12.3 billion of gross assets under management CREDIT QUALITY Paragon is a conservative lender. When underwriting any new loan or portfolio purchase the Group makes a detailed credit assessment of the customer and the strength of the underlying loan collateral to help minimise the risk of nonpayment and portfolio losses. STRONG FINANCIAL FOUNDA TIONS Strong cash generation helps to support new investment and growth in each of the Groups three operating divisions. The Groups conservative capital and debt positions which rank among the strongest in the UK give the Group material balance sheet capacity for further development. FUNDING The Group ensures that its loan assets are financed using appropriately dated and priced funding. It seeks to build a broad and diversified funding mix to underpin the business. LOAN PRICING Paragon prices all new advances and portfolio purchases to be competitive and achieve an appropriate margin over funding costs. Paragon Buytolet 3 months arrears Buytolet industry average 0.45 T otal regulatory capital ratio UK Leverage ratio 18.7 6.6 Retail deposit growth TFS drawings Rating retained 92.9 700.0 million BBB Net interest margin 2.13 1. 2. 3. 4. SUCCESS FACTORS Key factors affecting the Groups ability to maintain and grow profits and enhance shareholder returns 0.08 PAGE 14 Strategic Report PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 385 million 93 93 85 EFFICIENT UTILISA TION OF THE GROUPS CAPIT AL BASE Returns increasing whilst maintaining prudent capital ratios. A CUSTOMERFOCUSED CULTURE All the Groups employees share a common culture with a single set of core values. These values fairness integrity respect professionalism teamwork commitment humour and creativity inform the way that we interact with our customers our colleagues and our wider stakeholders. Importantly Paragons employees agree that customers are at the heart of our business and recognise the value of treating customers fairly.