I want to thank all Dignity sta for the continued care and commitment they show their clients demonstrating what I like to think of as The Dignity Way. This describes a special culture and way of working that means delivering the highest standards of service and going the extra mile. Thank you once again for making this company what it is and for your continued support in meeting the challenges that the Group faces. Outlook for 2018 and beyond The business model for the Groups funeral business is changing as the Board focuses on protecting market share by introducing new service oerings and price points. As indicated in January the Board believes that whilst the combination of action being taken will lead to substantially lower prots in 2018 it should create a new platform to allow many years of further stable growth. The Oce for National Statistics anticipates approximately 580000 deaths in 2018 a small decrease of 10000 on the actual deaths in 2017. However the number of deaths in the rst two months of 2018 are approximately seven per cent higher than the prior year. Committed to the highest standards of governance Good governance is the basis on which we as a business can build an environment of trust transparency and accountability. It also dierentiates us from many competitors in what is still regrettably an unregulated industry. As such it provides assurance and condence to our clients and fosters longterm investment nancial stability and business integrity. As a Board we are therefore committed to maintaining our high standards of corporate governance and ensuring there is a high level of cultural integrity embedded within the way we operate. Board priorities The Board provides strategic leadership to the Group within a framework of robust corporate governance and internal control setting values and standards that are embedded throughout the business to deliver longterm sustainable growth for the benet of our shareholders and other stakeholders. Compliance Our governance framework which is shaped by the UK Corporate Governance Code the Companies Act 2006 and secondary legislation and Financial Conduct Authority rules and guidance sets out standards of good practice in relation to Board leadership and eectiveness remuneration accountability and relations with shareholders. Overview 01 03 Strategic Report 04 43 Governance 44 74 Financial Statements 75 129 Other Information 130 132 Chief Executives review 06 Dignity plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Overview 2017 was a successful year with good performances from our crematoria and preneed businesses. However while our funeral business continued to set the standard at the premium end of the market having commented on an acceleration in market share decline in our 2016 Annual Report market share continued to decline at an accelerated rate in 2017 reecting further increases in competition. As a consequence the Board has taken decisive action to change the Groups pricing strategy and market positioning in our funeral business. Underlying operating prot increased three per cent to 104.6 million 2016 101.7 million with each operating division trading in line with the Boards expectations. Alongside this we continued to invest to support the existing network acquire well reputed businesses and develop new crematoria. Change of pricing strategy and market positioning As the Chairman has set out in his statement the Board took decisive action in January 2018 to protect market share in our funeral business and reposition the Group for future growth. In addition to the pricing changes already implemented we will test a range of new price points and services to our clients while preserving our unrivalled levels of service. Delivering excellent client service remains a key strategic priority and means that we can oer the best quality service at each price point and market segment in which we choose to operate. We are now positioning ourselves as the best value service provider in the market leveraging the strong investment in the funeral business that we have made over the years. In addition to these changes we have also embarked on a rigorous review to ensure that our funeral operations are organised to run more eciently and eectively. Having delivered the markets nancial expectations for 2017 our results for 2018 are less certain as we gauge client response to various pricing scenarios while maintaining our high levels of professional service and care. This has meant rebasing expectations for 2018. The key challenge for 2018 is to nd the optimum relationship between price service and demand for our funeral business going forward. The changing market Over the last 18 months we have consistently drawn attention to the increasingly competitive environment in which we operate. The internet is beginning to change the nature of competition as the funeral industry enters the digital age. Clients are increasingly priceconscious and in an oversupplied industry are shopping around more. This continues to have an increasing impact on the Groups market share with a signicant reduction in the average number of funerals per location noted since 2015. The average reduction in the number of funerals per location per one thousand deaths between 2004 and 2014 was 3.6 per cent. This accelerated to 6.8 per cent per year between 2015 and 2017. We have assumed that this will continue into 2018 and the revised pricing strategy and promotional activity is aimed at reducing the rate of decline as the year progresses. We are evolving our funeral business to be able to oer a range of new price points and services to our clients while preserving our unrivalled levels of service. Delivering excellent client service remains a key strategic priority and means that we can oer the best quality service at each price point and market segment we choose. Mike McCollum Chief Executive Maintaining high standards of client service Our funeral service survey results continue to demonstrate the outstanding work being performed by our dedicated people and the quality of our core business.