This was the first time in its recent history that capital has been returned to shareholders. 21 million was returned in March 2017 via a Tender Offer and following a required Court approved capital reduction a further 54 million was returned by way of a special dividend in December 2017. 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 8 27042018 2030 9 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Following the sale of the Football Pools and significant capital returns to shareholders it became inevitable that having a UKbased executive management team was not an appropriate structure for the Group going forward. Following the announced decisions by UKbased senior executives to leave the now USfocused Group a cost reduction exercise commenced to streamline the UK cost base. I am pleased to report that the Board has executed on this plan and has reduced the UK corporate cost base significantly going forward. At all times during this process consent has been sought and been given by the regulatory authorities where change in management is a condition precedent. The Group continues to enjoy excellent relationships with these regulators. Formal Sale Process In October 2017 after a number of unsolicited external approaches the Board decided that it would consider formal offers for the Group and commenced a Formal Sale Process. The Board and senior management invested considerable time over many months in diligently managing this initiative meeting numerous interested parties and presenting the business capabilities and potential However the Board together with its advisors concluded that none of those approaches were likely to result in an offer for all or a material part of the Group that the Board would be able to recommend to shareholders and the termination of this process was therefore announced on 14 March 2018. Strategic Review The Strategic Review announced on 18 September 2017 concluded that Sportech has significant potential for longterm value creation through a combination of growing its core businesses diversification and benefitting from the possible liberalisation of sports betting in a number of US states. Following the departure of the previous senior executives Richard Cooper a NonExecutive Director and Chair of the Audit Committee and I commenced a thorough review of the financial and contractual affairs of the Group. The Group views exceptional items as simply that items that are exceptional in nature and size the de minimis being the materiality threshold applied by the auditors and which if to recur are not therefore exceptional or separately reported items which we understand to be the preferred usage of the FRC. 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 9 27042018 2030 10 Sportech PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 A number of provisions have been made for onerous contracts or potential bad debts as this process unfolded. Some of the significant project and investment cessations have been as follows In January 2010 the Group announced a joint venture JV launching a sports gaming business in India. 3.1 million was invested in that JV up to 31 December 2016 which by that date had all been expensed. The JV was almost dormant in 2017 and by February 2018 the JV was terminated as minimal revenues were recognised and the JV had ongoing costs with limited potential for returns. In December 2013 the Group announced plans to build a proposed 10000 sq.ft. sports bar restaurant and betting facility in the town of Norco Southern California. This site had not been developed currently lies vacant and during 2017 a further provision of 1.2 million was made for the onerous lease and other associated liabilities. Alternative use options are currently being reviewed. In October 2015 the Group opened its first branded sports bar Striders restaurant and betting facility in downtown San Diego California. This operation was a joint venture with local operators. The venue has not been as successful as the previous executive team had originally forecasted and the Group is in dispute with its partners and accordingly a provision of 1.3 million has been made for onerous contracts. The Board are reviewing its options in relation to this investment. Additionally the Group undertook a review of noncore assets and in the Netherlands following the award of a new fiveyear licence in June 2017 to provide the exclusive right to conduct tote betting on horseracing the Board decided to revisit the potential sale of that business. I am pleased to report that in March 2018 we executed a sale and purchase agreement subject to certain regulatory conditions and anticipate completing on this disposal in H1 2018. This business has been included in these accounts as an asset held for sale. The Board are further examining the value of surplus realestate in North America to assess all options to extract further value for shareholders. The Group owns two freehold sites in Connecticut a nineacre site in New Haven and a sevenacre site adjacent to the airport in Bradley. However the Group does operate a significant venue onsite at each of these locations which therefore restricts its flexibility. Chairmans Statement continued 170749 Sportech Front end 27 April.indd 10 27042018 2030 11 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Regulatory framework and US Sports Betting The possibility of the US market moving towards a broader regulation of sports gaming continues at pace with a number of states preparing to enact legislation if the US Supreme Court permits. Furthermore the governing bodies of certain significant US sports have lobbied hard for an openingup of legislation. Through the Groups existing regulatory commercial and customer network the Board believe there are significant opportunities to leverage these relationships and as a result of this significant time has been invested in assessing the optimal platform for Sportechs B2C and B2B businesses to capitalise on this potential momentous change. The Board anticipates announcing the launch of a Sportsbook utilising a reputable thirdparty vendor in H12018.