Unique locations We own many pubs in unique locations such as the Belle Vue Tavern at Pegwell Bay where we have introduced an outside cocktail bar. Stylish interiors Striking interior features are helping to make our venues stand out in the market. Design innovation We use our inhouse team and work with a variety of designers to create the best schemes for our pubs. We aim to drive footfall by designing and developing unique pubs and hotels with a wow factor. OUR STRATEGY StrategicReport Governance Financial Statements Other Information 9 www.shepherdneame.co.uk 8 Shepherd Neame annual report and accounts 2017 OUR PUBS TO DRIVE FOOTFALL TO 11 www.shepherdneame.co.uk 10 Shepherd Neame annual report and accounts 2017 This has been an exciting year of development for the Company with good progress in all areas of the business a strong underlying performance and some great acquisitions that add real value to the Company. We have successfully pursued our strategy to drive longterm value for our shareholders based around four key objectives To drive footfall to our pubs To develop our offer to enhance the customer experience To create demand and build awareness for our brands To attract retain and develop the best people It is this consistent strategy that has enabled the Company to outperform the national market year after year and to excel on a local basis. We have modernised and improved our business such that the profile and quality of our pubs and brands have been greatly enhanced and the offer and experience for our customer transformed. Furthermore as our heartland of Kent enjoys the benefit of infrastructural development and the regeneration of the coastal areas our strong local knowledge enables us to exploit the opportunities that arise. Whilst the weather conditions have been favourable during this year with a long hot summer in 2016 and plenty of sunshine in the spring of 2017 market conditions have become progressively harder as consumer spending is being squeezed by inflation. Nonetheless we have achieved impressive likeforlike sales growth in our managed estate of 8.1 against the Coffer Peach Tracker Index of 1.4 and own beer volume growth excluding contract of 3.9 against the market of 0.2 Source BBPA. In pursuit of our objectives this year has been characterised by some significant achievements Acquisition of 14 pubs The launch of a new brand identity Some exciting new product developments Completion of the initial phase of our modernisation plan for the brewery and its buildings We have successfully delivered these projects whilst maintaining strong underlying growth across the business. We have also developed our future brewing and brands strategy namely to build our own brands drive necessary cost reduction and streamline management roles where appropriate as we exit the Asahi contract in the coming year. We have an outstanding team of people renowned for their passion and commitment their expertise and indepth knowledge of the business their friendliness and approachability. These characteristics distinguish Shepherd Neame and give it its unique personality. It is this personality that is the differentiator to build customer loyalty where quality and value for money are taken for granted. All operators in the sector face significant cost inflation through increasing business rates the national living wage and the apprenticeship levy. The fall in the value of sterling following the EU referendum has compounded these challenges and is driving up prices in food and other imported products such as wine. We will continue to focus on enhancing the customer experience raising standards across our business and driving efficiencies as appropriate to mitigate this cost and to take advantage of the opportunities that are presented. Tenanted and Managed Pub Operations Overview At the yearend we operated 327 pubs and hotels 2016 328 of which 285 are freehold 2016 285. Of our total pubs 66 2016 54 were managed and 253 2016 267 were tenanted or leased and eight 2016 seven operated under commercial free of tie leases. Our investment focus is to improve the quality of our core business and to seek highquality singlesite acquisition opportunities within our heartland if they improve the overall business or reach new markets. We will pursue suitable opportunities outside our historic trading area and are alive to opportunities to acquire small groups of pubs that meet our requirements as evidenced by recent pub purchases. We are seeking to acquire sites with unique character in landmark or highfootfall locations preferably with the potential for further development. During the last five years we have acquired 22 pubs and disposed of 49. As a consequence of this and investments in the core estate the profile and quality of our pub estate have been transformed and since 2012 the average EBITDAR per managed pub has increased by 30.5 and per tenanted pub by 25.4. This has been a year of record investments with total cash invested in new pub acquisitions of 24.8m 2016 3.3m in three separate transactions during the year. First at the start of the financial year we announced an acquisition of eight freehold pubs in Kent Surrey and Sussex from Ei Group plc. All these pubs continue to be operated by their existing licensees except the Crown and Anchor Shoreham by Sea which has transferred to the managed estate and Earls Maidstone which will transfer in the coming year. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Good progress in all areas of the business and a strong underlying performance. JONATHAN NEAME Chief Executive Tracker for sales trends for pub bar and restaurant groups. StrategicReport Governance Financial Statements Other Information 11 www.shepherdneame.co.uk 10 Shepherd Neame annual report and accounts 2017 Simultaneously we acquired UES and transferred the five pubs operated under tenancy by UES to the managed estate. We invested 12.9m in these two transactions in the year. Third at the end of November 2016 we acquired VGR for 11.9m.