Again this allows us to be the top most often on price comparison sites while also making a profit. Admittedly as yet a small one but watch this space. How do we achieve lower costs while delivering a great product 5 star Defaqto ratings available across all Admirals Motor products and normally a positive customer experience and why dont most of our competitors manage all three Well its not just about the constant pursuit of efficiencies by a loyal and motivated team of employee shareholders because all of us are both. Its also about another great driver of growth in longterm prosperity in free market economies innovation. Throughout our life major innovations such as Confused.com the first insurance price comparison site MultiCar and now 08 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Chief Executives Statement 14 UK Motor market share 4th year of ConTe profits 41 growth in UK Household customers 17 consecutive years Best Companies to Work For Awards Priority Ensure Admiral remains one of if not the best car insurers in the UK Demonstrate Admiral can be a great car insurer beyond the UK Develop sources of growth and profits beyond car insurance Ensure Admiral stays a great place to work Progress in 2017 Market leading combined ratio A leading UK car insurer with almost 4 million cars Defaqto 5 products for UK customers Leading telematics provider and new products include shortterm and car sharing insurance Record ConTe profit and 0.5 million customers Improvements in key operating ratios ConTe voted 2nd In Best Places to Work in Italy Household Insurance grown to over 650000 customers Household profit of 4.1 million Launched Van and Travel Insurance in UK Launched Loans in UK Voted 23rd In Best Places to Work in World Voted 6th In Best Places to Work in Europe Voted 2nd in Sunday Times Best Companies to Work For in UK Over 9600 staff received free shares worth 3600 My priorities Last year I outlined my priorities which I indicated would be my priorities for a number of years to come. Heres how we are doing but progress continues in 2018 09 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial Statements Additional Information Corporate Governance Strategic Report Introduction QA 10 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Q The International Insurance businesses have been part of the strategy for a number of years but have yet to deliver meaningful profits does it make sense to keep them A David Our strategy has always been about building value over the longer term by developing sustainable profitable businesses rather than delivering short term profits. We believe that the combined European insurance businesses are on the cusp of demonstrating that value. ConTe our Italian business delivered another profit for the year a record and collectively our European insurance businesses practically broke even over 2017 despite growing fast. We continue to invest in Admiral Seguros in Spain Lolivier in France and Elephant in the US because we believe that there are strong prospects for longterm value creation in all three markets. The International Insurance businesses now insure over one million customers and may ultimately provide us with an opportunity to offer those customers more than just car insurance. with David Cristina and Geraint Q Admiral Household continues to grow and appears to be less affected by market conditions than competitors why A Cristina The UK household market is going through a period of change as more and more householders realise that they can shop online for their home insurance. We are taking advantage of that shift in customer behaviour. We recognise however that the household market is very different from motor insurance so whilst our growth has been very strong since launch we continue to adopt a test and learn approach to our underwriting. We started with a relatively cautious underwriting footprint and have gradually expanded this as we have grown. During 2017 we have seen similar claims experience to the market but our cautious starting point has allowed us to absorb this with no significant impact on the Household result. Q There has been a change of CEO at your US insurance operation Elephant Auto what does that mean for future strategy A David Alberto Schiavon our new CEO at Elephant working alongside Henry Engelhardt took advantage of a second set of eyes to judge what was good about what we were doing and what could be done better. The conclusion was that we need to continue our drive towards lower loss ratios and to sharpen our focus on higher retaining customers throughout our product and process design our pricing and underwriting rules and our marketing. Q Admiral has recently launched its personal lending business. Can you give us an update and also explain why you think now is a good time to enter the market with uncertain economic times ahead A Geraint Its still early days for Admiral Loans though were very pleased with the way things are going so far. We think we have a very strong team a good system and the signs so far are really positive. We of course recognise that an economic downturn could adversely affect loan credit losses. Our approach to loan underwriting is to minimise the possible adverse impact of such a downturn in our book by focusing on segments which have historically demonstrated better resilience in times of stress. Ultimately downturns tend to be followed by upturns and by building and learning now we hope to be in a position to benefit from a subsequent upturn as a competent player operating at an adequate scale. 10 Admiral Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 11 I have no doubt this approach will be valuable in helping us through to a sustainable scale and an ultimately profitable operation.