18 24 CORPORATEGOVERNANCEREPORT OVERVIEW The Directors recognize the value and importance of the highest standards of Corporate Governance. We strive to comply with the principles and provisions of Corporate Governance as far as practicable for a Group of its size and structure even though as the Group is listed on the AIM Market of the London Stock Exchange it is not required to comply fully with the principles of Corporate Governance as set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code the Code. This report sets out the Governance approach. ROLEANDCOMPOSITION OFTHEBOARD The Boards role is to provide entrepreneurial leadership to the Company. The Board is focused on ensuring that the risk register and management of those risks remain pertinent in the face of a continually evolving business. The principal risks and uncertainties are reviewed regularly and are set out on pages 14 to 15. Whilst it is recognized that the Group is subject to a number of risks greater than this list we include those that are of most concern and relevance to the business at this point in time. The Board is also responsible for articulating the Companys strategic aims and ensuring that the business has the resources necessary to enable the Company to meet its objectives. It also determines the Companys values and standards and ensures that its obligations to shareholders are met. The Board is comprised of Executive Directors and NonExecutive Directors. Corporate governance guidelines require that boards should be balanced between Executive and NonExecutive Directors and should have at least two independent NonExecutive Directors. At the yearend date RhythmOne plc exceeds this requirement with five of the seven Board Directors being independent NonExecutive Directors. The beneficial interests of the NonExecutive Directors in the share capital of the Company are set out on page 31. In the opinion of the Board these interests do not detract from the Directors independence. In the event of a conflict of interest the relevant Director is required to declare the conflict and where appropriate abstain from voting on any resolutions connected to it. DIVISION OFRESPONSIBILITIES There is a clear division of responsibility at the head of the Company between the running of the Board which is delegated to the Chairman Mr. Raj Chellaraj and the executive responsibility for the running of the Companys business which is delegated to the Chief Executive Officer Mr. Subhransu Brian Mukherjee. As Chairman Mr. Chellaraj is responsible for leadership of the Board setting the Boards agenda and ensuring that there is sufficient time available for discussion of all agenda items. The NonExecutive Directors do not have any daytoday involvement in the running of the business. They work together to constructively challenge and assist in the development of strategic proposals and to fulfill the Board committee roles. The Board convenes at regular scheduled intervals and follows a formal agenda of matters specifically reserved for discussion including such matters as determining the Groups strategy ensuring open and informative communication with shareholders reviewing and managing risks evaluating major capital expenditures evaluating material contracts to be entered into shaping key operational policies reviewing and approving the Groups business plan and forecasts measuring performance and approving the annual and interim financial statements. It also meets outside of the formal schedule of meetings as and when required. The number of formal meetings of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2017 and attendance at each are summarized below DIRECTOR NUMBER OF MEETINGS DURING APPOINTMENT NUMBER OF MEETINGS ATTENDED Raj Chellaraj 15 14 Subhransu Brian Mukherjee 15 15 Suranga Chandratillake 15 14 Mark Opzoomer 15 14 Ujjal Kohli 15 14 Andrea Lee Andy Cunningham 15 14 Edward Ted Hastings appointed 10 February 2017 1 1 In the event that any Director is unable to attend a meeting they have the opportunity to relay their comments through the Chairman. If the Chairman is absent another NonExecutive Director is appointed Chairman for that meeting. At certain times where there may be a perceived conflict due to the subject matter of a meeting a Director is recused from that meeting. The size and composition of the Board is regularly reviewed to ensure that it is of an appropriate size and structure. The Directors may take independent professional advice at the Groups expense and all are covered by Directors and Officers insurance. 25 BOARDCOMMITTEES The Board has established an Audit Committee Nomination Committee and a Remuneration Committee. These committees each comprise a small subcommittee of the main Board and are entirely made up of NonExecutive Directors. Each has its own terms of reference and responsibilities. The reports of each Board Committee are set out later in this document. EFFECTIVENESS We have considered the overall balance between Executive and NonExecutive Directors and believe that the structure of the Board coupled with the integrity and commitment of the individuals who make up the Board ensures that no one individual has a greater proportion of decisionmaking power. The Board has a good balance between financial industryspecific and general business knowledge experience with a highly experienced executive management team. All Directors are considered able to dedicate sufficient time to their role to ensure that they can discharge their responsibilities effectively.