KNOWLEDGE SKILLS FACILITIES 1 SERVICE LOGISTICS www.renold.com Stock code RNO 13 STRA TEGIC REPORT Sales channels 10 Bringing our unparalleled engineering capability to design customer solutions We have deep knowledge of the performance characteristics of a number of metals and surface treatments Enhancing the customer experience with after sales service and performance monitoring Material performance can be enhanced with the right coating Ongoing performance monitoring eld support and technical advice Customer issues are often challenging and sometimes unique ENGINEERING CENTRE MANUFACTURING WAREHOUSE Wide range of stocked products and daily shipment options Heat treatment and other applications to optimise performance Specifying the right grade and composition of metals is key Automated assembly processes reduce lead times Treating components 6 Assembling components 7 Shipping 8 24 Material specication 3 Coating specication 4 Design 2 After sales service 9 Making components 5 Deploying over 100 years of manufacturing knowhow to create superior products Heat treatment expertise is a key competency in many locations Analysing customer problem 1 SERVICE 1 1 1 Renold AR2017Proof3.indd 13 672017 25711 PM 2529004 AR 2017 Proof 3 OUR KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS KPI Definition Strategic Objective Performance Change NonFinancial KPIs The four health and safety KPIs below are taken from a suite of aligned measures that our sites review on a continuous basis and are reviewed by the Board at every meeting. See page 49 for more details on these KPIs. Lost time accident frequency rates Over a 12 month period this contrasts the total number of lost time accidents irrespective of severity against the hours worked. An internationally recognised standard measure. 7 Reportable injury rates Over a 12 month period this contrasts the number of accidents greater than three lost days against the average number of employees in the same period. We also monitor accidents greater than seven lost days in the same way. Both are internationally recognised standard measures. 777 Lost time days The total number of lost days attributable to all accidents in the 12 month period. An internationally recognised standard measure. 190 Safety improvements As part of our annual Health and Safety Awards Scheme we drive our sites to capture and implement safety improvements. These are generated by for example employee suggested improvements and investigations into any reported near misses or accidents. An internationally recognised concept with different businesses measuring and capturing in different ways. 1466 Financial KPIs KPIs selected as either important to our external stakeholders or because they accurately represent an area of management focus often where we are trying to improve historically weaker performance. RoS Adjusted operating profit divided by sales. 7.9 Adjusted EPS Earnings per share before exceptional or adjusting items. This is a key metric used by capital markets and stakeholders in assessing performance improvement and value generation in Renold. 4.6 Sales per employee Total sales divided by the average number of employees. A simple way to assess the efficiency of our business processes. 84.0k Total overheads Costs that are in theory fixed or very inflexible. Driving these down is one way to lower our breakeven point and to enhance our operational gearing. This therefore has a direct impact on our RoS target. Up 0.5m Cash cost of servicing legacy pensions Annual cash contributions to closed legacy defined benefit pension schemes including associated administrative costs. Relatively large sum but adding little or no value to the business. Hence the goal to keep it stable or reduce. 6.0m Average working capital ratio Working capital as a ratio of rolling 12 month sales. Calculated as the simple average of the previous 12 months. Based on an average to prevent shorttermism and reflects the need to improve upon historically poor performance. 22.2 Leverage ratio Ratio of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA. Banking leverage means the figure reflects our banking agreements which differ from IFRS figures e.g. preference shares are debt in IFRS but ignored in our banking agreement. Historically Renold has a poor record of cash generation and hence this is an area of focus. 0.8 Net Debt Total borrowing less cash balances. 17.4 Health and safety remains our top priority. At Renold we make the connection between personal safety and sustainable value creation. A robust system of control for health and safety is the bedrock of a manufacturing business such as ours. Renold plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 for the year ended 31 March 2017 14 Renold AR2017Proof3.indd 14 672017 25714 PM 2529004 AR 2017 Proof 3 KPI Definition Strategic Objective Performance Change NonFinancial KPIs The four health and safety KPIs below are taken from a suite of aligned measures that our sites review on a continuous basis and are reviewed by the Board at every meeting. See page 49 for more details on these KPIs. Lost time accident frequency rates Over a 12 month period this contrasts the total number of lost time accidents irrespective of severity against the hours worked. An internationally recognised standard measure. 7 Reportable injury rates Over a 12 month period this contrasts the number of accidents greater than three lost days against the average number of employees in the same period. We also monitor accidents greater than seven lost days in the same way. Both are internationally recognised standard measures. 777 Lost time days The total number of lost days attributable to all accidents in the 12 month period. An internationally recognised standard measure. 190 Safety improvements As part of our annual Health and Safety Awards Scheme we drive our sites to capture and implement safety improvements. These are generated by for example employee suggested improvements and investigations into any reported near misses or accidents. An internationally recognised concept with different businesses measuring and capturing in different ways. 1466 Financial KPIs KPIs selected as either important to our external stakeholders or because they accurately represent an area of management focus often where we are trying to improve historically weaker performance. RoS Adjusted operating profit divided by sales.