We are rapidly expanding the Groups provision of live and online gaming services for gamers and publishers in order to build customer and gamer engagement and generate incremental income streams for the business. These activities include major gaming events centrally organised national esports tournaments locally managed competitive gaming events and live gaming activities at stores and other physical venues. Infrastructure logistics and technology We serve millions of customers every year across the UK and Spain through our nationwide store networks and eCommerce platforms. Our distribution and logistics infrastructure is built for our business needs today and for future multichannel growth. We continue to invest in technological innovation to deliver leading solutions to our customers and to differentiate our propositions from those of our peers for both our B2B and B2C customers. Data and insight We collect analyse and interpret large amounts of data to better understand the needs and interests of customers and gamers. We have developed significant customer loyalty programmes with millions of members and have rich data on customers and their gaming shopping habits. We use the insight gained to empower our business decisions improve our customer offer and benefit our suppliers. Partners We have strong longstanding relationships with our business partners who help strengthen our offering and support our business. We collaborate with our partners to deliver an unrivalled specialist gaming retail offer and other services to enhance their product and extend their brand reach. 2. Delivered through discipline Our Group is structured to ensure that each area of the business remains focused on the needs of its customers whether those customers are individual consumers shopping for themselves or for someone else individuals or groups of individuals wanting to participate in or watch live gaming activities or publishers and other corporate customers wishing to access our enterprise services. We will continue to innovate to deliver consumer and enterprise products services and solutions that meet their evolving needs. Through this we endeavour to build strong longterm customer community and supplier relationships resulting in high levels of engagement and loyalty. Our activities support our strategic priorities Our business model is built around a number of key operating activities which support our strategic priorities. These activities comprise Multichannel retailing and merchandising Efficient sourcing and procurement from major suppliers as well as thousands of individual customers through our tradein model Dynamic pricing Supply chain management and distribution Major and local event management and production National and local esports event organisation Software and technology development Marketing and customer relationship management Training development and employee engagement Financial planning and operations including cash management. Our core business divisions of retail events esports and local competitive gaming are complementary and can be combined to create unique and sustainable competitive advantages. This strong combination will help the Group to effect the transition to ongoing profitable growth and deliver benefits to all its stakeholders. In addition on the enterprise side of the business we have continued to develop our digital capabilities over the past 12 months to deliver innovative groundbreaking new services. Finally we will constantly focus on improving our operational efficiency and cost management to maximise the profitability of the Group and associated value creation for the business. OUR BUSINESS MODEL CONTINUED Customer loyalty Reward scheme penetration for the Spanish loyalty programme 2016 79 78 28 GAME Digital plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We have a commitment to responsible gaming and investment in new gaming experiences that supports the creation of safe and inclusive environments in which gamers can socialise and thrive. 3. Creating value for our stakeholders Customers By delivering a specialist proposition including exclusive products available only at GAME engaging ways to purchase such as tradein the ability to access products through multiple channels and convenient locations a growing range of live gaming services and one of the most generous reward programmes in our markets we are providing customers with a valuable differentiated proposition that they can not find anywhere else. Gaming communities Our mission is to deliver a compelling proposition to gamers and gaming communities empowering them to discover buy socialise play watch and compete in their favourite games in both real and virtual worlds. We also have a commitment to responsible gaming and investment in new gaming experiences that support the creation of safe and inclusive environments in which gamers can socialise and thrive. Shareholders Our objective is to create value for shareholders through dividends and capital growth by strengthening our competitive position and growing our business through acquisitions and reinvestment. Partners As well as acting as a key retail distribution and marketing partner for our suppliers and partners supporting the promotion and sale of their products we are focused on creating additional value in a number of key areas. We provide ongoing community interaction with gamers to increase demand and engagement with their products we collect and analyse consumer insight to support improved business planning and we provide complementary enterprise services such as contract event management and multiplayer game server hosting which aim to facilitate both an enhanced product experience and to provide greater service and relevance of our business partners. Employees We create value for our employees by providing meaningful roles with good career development opportunities offering competitive packages and where relevant incentives and bonuses for delivering positive results.