We continued to focus the funds raised at IPO to increase our sales capabilities. Recruitment of quality people with the requisite knowledge and experience continues to be a challenge but we have maintained our sales headcount levels through the year and where possible will continue to add to the sales and partnership business development teams necessary to fulfil the Companys growth ambitions. As an offset we have been able to reduce the development and administration overhead which has led to an overall decrease in the number of employees compared to previous years. This year we struggled to deliver revenue growth this was predominantly caused through a decrease in our partner revenues as our key strategic partner in the US completed a business transformation reducing our revenues considerably over the year. In addition we suffered a number of smaller partners in Europe closing their business or failing. Whilst the majority of revenues came from our direct sales team we are starting to build considerable traction through our partnership strategy introduced last year particularly in the US. We have developed a number of new partnership agreements and continue to roll this programme out around the globe. The Board has not wavered on the belief that this strategic diversification of the revenue stream is important to attaining our targets and will enable us to accelerate our route to market In addition to these activities prior to the year end we announced our intention to purchase 100 of the share capital of Integritie UK Limited This transaction completed on 16 May 2017 and provides the Company with the opportunity to deliver a total data solution to our clients and partners. Outlook Since the year end we have completed our strategic investment in Integritie UK Limited and raised additional cash to enable us to take the Company through to positive EBITDA. We continue to make investments in growing the RAPid platform capabilities including the onboarding of the Integritie suite of products Knowledge Capture enabling us to transform a number of onpremise solutions for those clients who are now wishing to move towards a cloud environment. Our new products although beyond our traditional spend and procurement environment sit alongside the RAPid offering and enable clients to achieve a more holistic view of their enterprise data and also to tie many document and ERP formats together. Whilst spend continues to be the backbone of our revenue streams we are seeing developments in the market that enable us to expand our offerings to include services covering compliance complaints workflow management risk corporate social responsibility and people. We are excited about the new opportunities these products and the acquisition offer to our current sales channel our clients and our partners clients. Our deepening relationship with Microsoft ensures that our product remains at the cutting edge of technological development enabling scale and efficiencies to be achieved at the best possible cost. Microsoft recognised the RAPid platform as one of the top cloudbased platform products in October 2016 and also recognised Rosslyn as a preferred partner issuing us with their CoSell Recommended Partner status a significant achievement for us. In addition we have signed a number of new contracts. Notable amongst this new business are the contracts with major global businesses both in the US and Europe which have brought a highly diversified client base and provide us with excellent opportunities to demonstrate the value of the RAPid platform to our partners and clients. I look forward with confidence to the 201718 financial year. We are seeing the benefits from the investments that we have made and the product suite is becoming extremely well known and competitive in the market. I would like to join John OHara in thanking our employees without whom none of this would be possible. Roger Bullen Chief Executive Officer 25 August 2017 Roger Bullen Chief Executive Officer CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS STATEMENT See our business model in detail Our business model page 08 08 Rosslyn Data Technologies plc Annual report and accounts 2017 BUSINESS MODEL Providing tools for business users to control their data. With the proliferation of business intelligence and analytics tools trusted data for visualisation and analysis is paramount. These conditions allow Rosslyn Data Technologies to serve an unmet market by providing the necessary tools for business users to be in control of the data they require for making rapid and timely decisions without relying on traditional tools built for technical professionals such as IT and expensive data scientists. Data normalisation cleansing and enrichment Data sharing collaboration and governance Data extraction and aggregation Integrated reporting and analytics Automated workflows and business processes Eventdriven notifications RAPid Cloud Analytics Program The RAPid platform provides unparalleled selfservice tools for decisionmakers to effectively obtain improve and manage data. Our RAPid Cloud Platform features a comprehensive suite of selfservice tools business users need to automatically extract integrate load transform and enrich data. The largest organisations in the world have modernised or are modernising their data analytic capabilities replacing their traditional processes with Rosslyns capabilities. The data technologies we have developed are recognised for significantly reducing the time and cost of obtaining and preparing data for analytics and insight on occasion reducing ROIs from months to hours. By integrating the capabilities acquired from Integritie into the Rosslyn product suite we are now able to fully manage a clients complete data ecosystem. The true differentiators for the RAPid platform are the automated workflows and business processes that allow Rosslyn to provide more than just insight the data used for reporting and analysis automatically informs users of what decisions must be taken next. STRATEGIC REPORT Rosslyn Data Technologies plc Annual report and accounts 2017 09 Designed for the millions of nontechnical users Rosslyns product suite is used by our customers and partners to monetise their data gain greater business insight improve reporting times and drive efficiency savings.