Retail property offers a number of fundamental attractions versus other categories of commercial real estate including sustainable and longterm returns with lower volatility and a granular and diverse tenant mix which mitigates certain risks. Hammersons assets are in the sub sectors of prime shopping centres retail parks and premium outlet villages. We aim to be among the market leaders in each of our sub sectors so as to capitalise on the favourable market trends identified and exercise scale efficiencies. MARKET DESCRIPTION AND POSITION Prime Shopping Centres Prime shopping centres are those that are dominant in their catchment include large anchor stores and flagship units and offer consumers a lifestyle experience alongside their shopping visit. The relative attractiveness of prime shopping centres against other secondary centres or high street locations drives growing demand from retail tenants. OUR MARKETS The rents achievable at shopping centres are driven by their size location demographic catchment and competing centres. High tenant demand and low vacancy drives growth in ERV estimated rental value. In France leases are linked to a price inflation index and this is also reflected in the rental performance and portfolio value in France. With ownership stakes in 22 prime shopping centres across the UK and France and a total of 1.1 million square metres of retail and leisure space Hammerson is a leading European player. Hammerson is a top 3 owner of large shopping centres in the UK and France. We have over 200 different international retail brands in our shopping centres and 13 of our space is let to catering and leisure. Retail Parks Retail parks are predominantly situated in out of town locations which are most easily accessible by car. Units are on average larger and rents are lower per square metre than in shopping centres. Retailers demand for efficient space to meet consumers growing need for convenient and accessible shopping locations drives rental growth in retail parks. Hammerson is the second largest direct owner of retail parks in the UK with 500000 square metres across 21 assets. The total UK market comprises 11 million square metres and is a fragmented market. Premium Outlets There are approximately 200 outlet centres across Europe. Ownership is fragmented and the largest three operators Value Retail McArthur Glen and Neinver together account for around 25 of the market. The premium outlets market in Europe comprises outlet centres which are of an institutional investment quality and this market can be broadly categorised according to the type of customer it serves. At the high end there are outlet centres that attract luxury and fashion consumers the middle segment caters to the mainstream fashion customer and the third segment to the high street customer. Value Retail in which Hammerson is a major investor is positioned at the top level with its unique shoppingtourism Villages serving the international luxury and fashion consumer. It has nine Villages serving major cities across Europe. Hammerson is also invested with a 47 stake in VIA Outlets. VIA Outlets currently owns six centres which predominantly cater to customers in the mainstream fashion segment. Demand for outlet space is driven by retailers desire to sell excess inventory while maintaining brand equity. The supply of new outlet centres is limited by planning consents and the availability of excess inventory to sell. Outlet centre rents are usually directly linked to tenant sales. Sales growth for outlet centres has been 79 per annum over the last five years source Cushman Wakefield. Investment yields for outlet centres are high around 67 across Europe. www.hammerson.com 7 STRATEGIC REPORT GROWING DEMAND FOR PRIME RETAIL SPACE In 2014 an improvement in consumer confidence and spending supported demand for space in our prime retail locations in the UK and the French consumer backdrop stabilised. Our tenants strategies in retail food beverage and leisure continue to evolve and we are adapting with them to match their needs with the needs of the consumer. OCCUPIER MARKETS Consumer trends The Considered Consumer Consumers habits are evolving. Our research shows they are taking a more considered approach browsing researching and comparing for longer. The internet plays an increasing role for retail transactions and as a result when consumers visit shopping centres they expect more excitement and entertainment. Online orders now account for 11 of retail sales in the UK up from 6 in 2009. The role of physical retail space is changing as a result. Retailers are rationalising store portfolios requiring fewer larger betterranged stores to support their digital platform. Fulfillment of online orders is driving strong growth in click collect. Retailers recognise that a multichannel strategy is essential to meet customer needs. Physical retail space is critical for brand interaction which is supported by the whole shopping centre experience. Retailers such as John Lewis now see more online purchases collected in store than delivered to home. The intensity of online promotional activity around Black Friday in November served to highlight the logistical challenges of servicing growing online demand. Retail parks traditional strengths of convenience accessibility free parking and proximity to food stores makes them ideal to support click collect. Online sales are growing in France but with less penetration than in the UK. The click collect model is popular in France however shoppers favour a locker model versus collecting in store.