Growth of Revolucin de Cuba estate in the reporting period 44 Largest category growth in premium cocktails 23 Digital marketing grown significantly Facebook fans 25 Website visits 13 2017 WELL INVESTED ESTATE With 12.8 million capital expenditure in the year split between m 2017 openings 6.8 2018 openings 1.8 Existing state 4.2 Total 12.8 Our locations We currently operate 69 bars across the UK under both the Revolution and Revolucin de Cuba brands. With our bars being situated in town and city centre locations we believe there is significant scope for expansion. Large headroom available in the UK for new sites with a potential of 150 over both brands 150 Revolution Revolucin de Cuba 3 2 Scotland 7 3 North East 10 2 Midlands 2 1 Wales 12 3 South East 7 South West 14 2 North West 1 Northern Ireland Revolution Bars Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 Aberdeen Mark McQuater Chief Executive Officer The pipeline being developed is considerable and we would expect to be able to open at least six sites per annum for several years onwards. Southend STRATEGIC REPORT OUR BUSINESS MODEL The Groups business model balances strong cash generation with investment to deliver a rollout of both the Revolucin de Cuba and Revolution brands. What we do Revolution Bars Group plc is a leading operator of premium bars with a strong national presence across the UK and significant growth opportunity. We have a trading portfolio of 69 bars located predominantly in town or city centre high streets and operating under the Revolution and Revolucin de Cuba brands. Two distinct brands Tailored design and individual layout Outstanding customer service Premium quality OUR OPERATING PLATFORM 1 Skilled people The Groups training and development activity ensures that we maintain a strong pipeline of managers to lead and grow the business. A variety of development tools maximising technology where appropriate combined with our ACE Customer Service training programme take people from learning about our purpose vision and values at induction through to mastering a range of brand standards that ensure quality and speed of service are a focus for all team members. 2 Premium products The high value placed on our retail brands by our core customer groups drives significant levels of loyalty and increases frequency of visits. Our Revolution bars have been trading since 1996 and are a destination of choice for customers who value a premium drinks and foodled offering. The success of our Revolucin de Cuba brand is driven by the Cubaninspired premium proposition offering cocktails food and live music to a wide range of customers. 3 National estate We have a trading portfolio of 69 bars located predominantly in town or city centre high streets operating under the Revolution and Revolucin de Cuba brands. We regularly review opportunities for expansion against rigorous and proven investment criteria. 4 Compelling marketing The Group is one of the leaders in the sector at communicating and marketing to its customers. Our significant digital presence monitors and is consistent with the user habits of our core customer group. Revolution Bars Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 10 2017 ATTRACTIVE POSITIONING FOR GROWTH Highly experienced management team with proven track record. STRATEGIC REPORT OUR STRATEGY AND KPIs Focused on a measured rollout of new bars under both brands and delivering continued growth from the established estate. KPIs The principal KPIs for the strategy outlined above are as follows likeforlike sales number of units adjusted venue EBITDA and gross margins. CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Strategic objectives Provide our customers with an exceptional and premium drinks and food experience. Performance in 2017 23 per cent growth in premium cocktails Blended iced cocktails accounted for 11 per cent of cocktail sales New food specials range and fresher food content Prebookings for Christmas ahead of last year Future focus Continued investment and design in the brands combined with food and drinks innovation to ensure we remain leading edge with premium brands. PROFIT IMPROVEMENT Strategic objectives Continued profit improvement from existing sites. Performance in 2017 Improved drinks margin 16 consecutive quarters of likeforlike growth Significant digital growth Facebook fans up 25 per cent Website visits up 13 per cent 35 per cent growth in digital booking with new Customer Relations Management system Future focus Continued improvement through a programme of targeted efficiencies focusing on key cost lines principally payroll. ESTATE EXPANSION Strategic objectives Estate expansion through growth for both brands. Performance in 2017 Four new Revolucin de Cuba bars opened Two new generation Revolution bars opened Returns on capital investment projected to comfortably exceed 30 per cent Additional 26050 sq.ft. of trading area Scope for both brands to grow Revolution to 100 sites and Revolucin de Cuba to at least 50 sites Future focus Our pipeline of new sites for FY18 looks strong. We have opened a new Revolucin de Cuba in Belfast and we expect three Revolution sites in Solihull Inverness and Putney to open before Christmas. Likeforlike sales are defined as total retail sales from bars that have been trading continuously for at least 12 months. Adjusted EBITDA excludes exceptional items and bar opening costs see reconciliation table on page 18 of the Financial Review. Revolution Bars Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 2017 PREMIUM PRODUCTS Continuously seeking to innovate and evolve our products service and brand support. Aberdeen Underlying cause of risk Response and mitigation DEPENDENCE ON KEY SITES The Group operates throughout the UK and therefore has income sources from a geographically diverse estate. Notwithstanding that certain sites deliver more profit than others and the Groups profits are sensitive to this. A decline in profitability in a key site would have an adverse impact on Group profits and in some cases this could be material. There are two mitigating actions to this risk. Firstly operational teams are focused on the maintenance of profits of economically significant sites.