Leading industry participants and potential customers are excited by the prospects of POLY4 and are enthusiastic about introducing it into their product portfolios. During 2017 we articulated the four cornerstones of POLY4 Effectiveness Efficiency Flexibility and Sustainability. The cornerstones describe POLY4s unique value proposition and are proving to be an effective marketing tool. I encourage you to visit the POLY4.com website to learn more about the product. Penetrate existing markets and drive longterm value We have a threestep approach to our marketing strategy Substitution utilising POLY4 as a substitute for other existing fertilizers which include one or more of the same primary nutrients contained in polyhalite. This disruptive approach will ensure POLY4 is widely available in all markets. Market growth today there is an unmet demand for lower chloride potassium sources and making POLY4 widely available at a commercial price point will unlock new sources of demand and opportunities to adopt greener and more sustainable agricultural practices. Performance our successful extensive crop trial programme consistently demonstrates strong performance from POLY4 and we believe this performance will underpin premium pricing for the product over the long term. COMPANY VALUES Responsibility Ownership Belief Urgency Safety Team PLEASE VISIT OUR PRODUCT WEBSITE POLY4.COM ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT 20 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 Chief Executives review continued The Company continues to work hard at building its customer base and I was pleased to welcome Wilmar International as a customer during 2017. They are the leading agri business in South East Asia and will be a strong partner for the Company. Execute a financing plan that delivers returns for shareholders The Company has taken a rigorous phased approach to executing the financing plan. At each stage of development appropriate capital has been raised to deliver the next development milestone. 2016 saw the first successful completion of the stage 1 financing which provided the equity and equitylinked capital components of the construction financing plan. In 2017 the Company obtained a Premium Listing on the Main Market and was included in the FTSE 250. Behind the scenes work was underway to prepare for the execution of the Companys stage 2 financing in late 2018. It is intended that this financing will be 100 debt in nature and ultimately provide all of the capital required to complete the construction component of the Companys strategy. The year ahead 2017 has been a year of meaningful progress on the ground in North Yorkshire and in the global fertilizer markets. 2018 will be another year of significant progress on all fronts with that progress ultimately culminating in the successful completion of the stage 2 financing. There is a lot more work to do in order to successfully execute on the Companys strategy but I am confident our team has the necessary expertise to deliver. The culture we have throughout the organisation is reflected in our corporate values. These values embody why we have succeeded in achieving a number of challenging milestones but also how we will continue to deliver on what we set out to achieve. It is our shared belief in achieving our goals and our unwavering drive to succeed that will see us successfully through the next phase of development. Thank you all for your ongoing support. CHRIS FRASER Managing Director and CEO 260 agronomy trials have been initiated 17 countries 32 different crops Sirius Minerals global RD programme 21 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 2018 DEVELOPMENT MILESTONES Construction Complete main service shaft foreshaft construction and excavation. Complete the installation of the main production shaft foreshaft and commence foreshaft excavation. Commence MTS access shaft construction at the Woodsmith Mine site. Complete construction of the MTS portal at Wilton International. Commence shaft sinking at Lockwood Beck intermediate shaft site. Commence early works for the MHF. Finalise harbour facility strategy and complete procurement. RD sales and marketing Expand global agronomic programme and establish 80 new trials. Execute 2 Mtpa incremental supply agreements. Corporate and commercial Substantially complete Project procurement. Draw down the stage 1 financing royalty instrument. Execute stage 2 financing. It is our shared belief in achieving our goals and our unwavering drive to succeed that will see us successfully through the next phase of development. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT 22 Sirius Minerals Plc Annual Report Accounts 2017 DELIVERING RESULTS A CLEAR PLAN Strategic priorities A clear and robust strategy is important to achieve our vision of becoming a worldclass fertilizer business. We have developed a strategy which is sufficiently robust to negotiate the necessary steps to operations but also flexible enough to allow for modification and optimisation during the construction phase of our North Yorkshire polyhalite Project. STRATEGY 2017 ACHIEVEMENTS 2018 MILESTONES 2021 TARGET 1 Build a worldclass longlife lowcost production facility FOR MORE INFORMATION SEE PAGES 2425 Commenced construction at the Woodsmith Mine site and Lockwood Beck. Initiated process of Dwall installation. Progressed design activities for MTS and frontend design for MHF and harbour facility. Complete main service shaft foreshaft construction and excavation. Complete the installation of the main production shaft foreshaft and commence foreshaft excavation. Commence MTS access shaft construction at the Woodsmith Mine site. Complete construction of the MTS portal at Wilton International. Commence shaft sinking at Lockwood Beck intermediate shaft site. Commence early works for the MHF. Finalise harbour facility strategy and complete procurement. First polyhalite. 2 Develop an industry leading product FOR MORE INFORMATION SEE PAGES 2627 Articulated POLY4 cornerstones Efficient Effective Flexible Sustainable. Continuation of growing global RD programme. Expand global agronomic programme and establish 80 new trials. 10 years of agronomic research validating POLY4. 3 Penetrate existing markets and drive longterm value FOR MORE INFORMATION SEE PAGES 2829 Executed incremental supply agreement with Wilmar for delivery of up to 0.75 Mtpa into South East Asia. Increased total supply agreements to 4.4 Mtpa. Execute 2 Mtpa incremental supply agreements.