We look to 2018 and beyond with confidence and optimism. Peter Tom CBE Executive Chairman 7 March 2018 25 01 STRATEGIC REPORT 02 03 04 TRADING PERFORMANCE W e made good progress in 2017 with volumes and revenues comfortably ahead of the prior year. These included a fullyear contribution from Hope which was fully integrated into the Group less than 12 months after completion of the acquisition and from Sherburn Minerals Limited Sherburn. We delivered healthy growth in volumes of aggregates and readymixed concrete with asphalt volumes broadly maintained against the background of more difficult markets exacerbated by some major project delays and challenging weather towards the end of the year. It is also important to note that our revenue growth reflects and will continue to reflect the increasing internalisation of aggregates and cement following the acquisition of Hope. Group revenues rose by 43 per cent to 652.4 million generating underlying EBIT of 80.4 million and an underlying EBIT margin of 12.3 per cent. We remain committed to achieving a mediumterm underlying EBIT margin target of 15 per cent by 2020. The Group continued to be strongly cashgenerative with net debt reduced by a further 31 per cent to just under 110 million. All three divisions delivered improved performances reflecting a resolute emphasis on outstanding customer service coupled with rigorous cost control and a sharpened focus on operating efficiency. The businesses are each reviewed by their respective leaders on pages 29 to 37 THE MARKET Construction output continued to grow in 2017 rising by three per cent despite a softening of the market during the second and third quarters. As always there were marked geographical disparities with generally stronger demand in England than in Scotland and many regional variances within both countries. Growth was led by healthy increases in residential and infrastructure development which together account for the majority of our enduse markets. A summary of 2017 market conditions and the outlook for 2018 can be found on page 14. A REVIEW OF 2017 GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT We are confident that we can continue to deliver organic growth complemented by valueenhancing acquisitions. Pat Ward Group Chief Executive 26 BREEDON GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2017 WWW.BREEDONGROUP.COM ORGANIC DEVELOPMENT Once again we invested well ahead of depreciation in mineral assets capacity and operational improvements throughout the Group including three new quarries which will facilitate further internalisation of material to our concrete and asphalt plants. We have a longterm ambition to strengthen our position in the UK asphalt market and to this end in 2017 we commenced installation of a new plant at our raillinked quarry at Dowlow in Derbyshire and a replacement plant at our Furnace quarry in Scotland. The planned acquisition of Minffordd quarry from Tarmac will give us another new plant expanding our asphalt network to 28 plants nationwide. Investments last year in equipment upgrades at Toms Forest and Dowlow quarries are already producing improved performances. We have also been operating formal OEE Overall Equipment Effectiveness and REE Running Equipment Effectiveness programmes for some time at selected sites in Breedon Southern and these are now being rolled out across Breedon Northern. They are enabling us to make clearly measurable improvements to the efficiency and running costs of our fixed plant and drive selective capital investment thereby ensuring that all our operations are fit for purpose in the years ahead. We completed a major planned programme of capital investment in Breedon Cement encompassing significant upgrades to our Hope Cement Works quarry equipment and road and rail fleets. ACQUISITIONS In May we secured another valuable route to market for our aggregates and cement with the purchase of Pro Mini Mix Concrete Mortars and Screeds Limited Pro Mini Mix a mini mix operator in the West Midlands. This was followed in August by the acquisition of Humberside Aggregates Limited Humberside Aggregates bringing with it around three million tonnes of mineral reserves opening up new markets for us in East Yorkshire and Humberside and enabling us to internalise supplies to our concrete plants in the region. QA Group CEO answers key questions on 2017 Q What were the highlights of 2017 A The integration of Hope which we completed shortly before the first anniversary of closing the deal was a major achievement for everyone concerned. The entire Group is now on a common IT platform with strong and wellstructured central functions well equipped to service Breedon through the next stage of its development. We were also very pleased to complete the acquisitions of Pro Mini Mix and Humberside Aggregates which expanded our service network and brought us additional reserves of valuable minerals. Our planned acquisition of quarries and an asphalt plant from Tarmac is an elegant means of acquiring additional reserves and asphalt capacity whilst simultaneously streamlining our readymixed concrete network. Q How do you maintain Breedons unique culture as you continue to grow A It is obvious that as the Group grows we need more robust processes. But that does not mean making those processes lengthier. We will keep our reporting lines short our central overhead to a minimum and devolve as much responsibility as possible to our managers giving them the training they need to assume accountability with confidence. Investment decisions will continue to be made quickly and we will remain close to our customers continuing to give them the outstanding service they have come to expect from us whether they are small local purchasers or one of the many major national concerns with which we are increasingly partnering. Q What are you doing about successionplanning A We decided very soon after the acquisition of Hope to restructure our management on Regional and Area General Manager lines in order to ensure that we had ambitious and capable people in those key roles on which the business depends.