Although the Company is reporting a statutory loss for the year of US 18.2 million 2016 net profit of US 29.4 million the underlying performance after adjusting items was a net profit for the year of US 4.8 million 2016 US 50.7 million. During the year we made certain amendments to our bank facility agreement that have provided the Group with increased liquidity and financial flexibility further details can be found in the Financial Review. We were pleased to have the full support of our banking partners through this process and appreciate their confidence in our business. Fleet utilisation and order book Utilisation of our core fleet of 13 SESVs was 61 in the year 2016 70 delivering an improvement of 13 percentage points on Q4 2016. Demand has been relatively good for the Large Class and MidSize Class vessels in the current market with both classes achieving utilisation above 70 for 2017 Small Class vessel utilisation was 53. This has been a validation of the investment in these two vessel classes through our new build programme and it is reassuring to see this demand continuing with contracts in place for six of the seven vessels for charters from Q2 2018 onwards. While the extended tender processes and delayed contract awards we discussed in our Interim Results are continuing to be experienced we have some satisfaction in having secured three new longterm contracts in the year a 36month charter for a MidSize Class vessel in the MENA region and two charters for Large Class vessels totalling 41 months in Europe. Two eightmonth charters for Large and MidSize Class vessels were also secured in the MENA region. It was particularly pleasing to be awarded a 16month contract extension for a Small Class vessel in the MENA region in early 2018 by one of our longest standing clients. These charter awards which include option periods represent in excess of US 150 million of work for the Group. The secured backlog is US 160.6 million including options as at 1 March 2018. We are encouraged by how the Large and MidSize Class vessels are performing and are seeing utilisation for these trending upwards. As demand continues to recover particularly in the MENA region we would then expect to see a return to higher levels of utilisation for our Small Class vessels over time. The Boards view for 2018 trading remains unchanged with a gradual recovery in market conditions expected to be reflected in an improvement over our 2017 results. Operations We achieved an excellent safety performance in 2017 with a total recordable injury rate of zero 2016 0.20 and zero lost time injuries 2016 one lost time injury. The total number of man hours worked was 4.5 million in 2017 2016 6.0 million man hours. Health safety and the environment continues to be a top priority. In 2017 we rationalised our fleet by selling our two noncore anchor handling tugs and returning a leased vessel to its owner. We conducted a full impairment review of our fleet during the year which resulted in a previously announced impairment charge of US 7.3 million on a 35yearold vessel being recorded in the income statement. Our core SESV fleet now consists of 13 vessels with an average age of just seven years. This makes our fleet one of the youngest in the industry which benefits us in the current market environment as clients are expressing a preference for modern tonnage in most of the major tenders. 9 GULF MARINE SERVICES PLC Annual Report 2017 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT As our new build programme is now complete we have scaled down the number of construction personnel at GMS substantially whilst still retaining a small complement of staff with the necessary key technical expertise to support ongoing vessel modification and maintenance projects. Our offhire vessels are able to be kept at a relatively low cost in operational readiness for rapid deployment as new charters are secured. I would like to thank everyone at GMS for their hard work during the year. We once again achieved a very low level less than 1 of technical and operational downtime for our chartered vessels and this is a credit to our highly skilled and dedicated workforce. Expansion of services We continually seek to enhance the capability of our vessels and the services we provide so we can deliver the highest quality costeffective offshore support solutions to our clients. In 2017 we expanded our well services capabilities through the development of a cantilever system for our Large Class SESVs. The combination of a selfpropelled jackup vessel with a removable cantilever and workover unit is a worldfirst that allows our vessel to supplant higher cost nonpropelled drilling rigs on well workover projects. The system was installed on GMS Evolution which became fully operational during the year and approval of its Safety Case for well operations has been received from the UK Health and Safety Executive. We are encouraged by our clients interest in this cantilever system which will become available following completion of GMS Evolutions longterm contract that commences in Q2 this year. During the year we also designed and developed an innovative crew transfer system that was an important element in the successful award of a renewable energy contract. The transfer system is a retractable access tower fitted to our Large Class SESV GMS Endeavour which is providing accommodation for our clients personnel at a wind farm project. The tower enables the movement of personnel to and from transfer vessels while they are working at various satellite locations so our clients benefit from a safer and more timeefficient method of boarding their personnel than was previously available to them.