With the timing and nature of Britains exit from the European Union still uncertain I would like to reiterate the sentiment from my statement in our 2016 annual report. Whilst we have an overseas presence Arqivas assets operations and markets are predominantly within the UK and our business is driven from this region. We have minimal exposure to international markets and foreign exchange. We believe that the critical national infrastructure that we provide will continue to be in demand people will continue to watch television listen to radio use mobile devices and consume increasing amounts of data. Recent Government strategy recognises the importance of this critical national infrastructure and aims to position the UK as a global leader in the next generation of mobile technologies and digital communications. We fully support this vision having earlier this year announced a partnership with Samsung to pioneer the first UK 5G field trials now in operation at Arqivas London offices using Fixed Wireless Access in the 28 GHz spectrum owned by the Group. This is an exciting time for Arqiva and I would like to thank all our employees across the business for their dedication and hard work which has been central to our continued growth and success. Mike Parton Chairman September 2017 Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2017 Arqiva Group Limited 06 1 Referencing EBITDA as reported on page 21 2 Referencing operating cash flow after capital and financial investment activities as reported on page 21 Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2017 07 Arqiva Group Limited Chief Executives statement 09 Business overview 11 Business model and business units 13 Strategic overview 15 Business update 17 P erf ormance r e view Financial review 21 Key performance indicators 27 Spotlights on our business units 29 Business sust ainability Corporate responsibility 35 Slavery and Human Trafficking 39 Strategic report Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2017 Arqiva Group Limited 08 Arqivas strong financial results are driven by excellent operating performances in T errestrial Broadcast and T elecoms M2M We are focusing on core business activities that drive profitable growth and shareholder value in our quest to become the most efficient and effective provider of communications infrastructure in the UK. We will continue to play a central role in helping to enable an innovative and vibrant digital economy here in the UK. The first point worth noting and celebrating is the strength of our financial performance. It has been another excellent year for Arqiva as we continue to see the reward from the strategic capital investment decisions over recent years with our operating cash flow after investing activities improving significantly. The strong and sustained financial improvements are driven by a number of factors including major programme rollouts 700MHz Clearance DAB 4G and smart metering an improvement in programme execution and our ambitious cost reduction activities. Our ongoing commitment to our FutureFit programme will ensure that we continue to strengthen our operating efficiency for the future. Our strategy for growth Our ambition is to be central to every vital connection that people in the UK make every day. This means ensuring we remain competitive in our existing core markets as technology and demand for data drives change and being at the heart of decision making about those markets. This has been evident with the DTT platform on which we worked with Broadcast Networks Europe and other global industry representatives to secure the continued protection of use of the DTT spectrum as well as working with major broadcasters and Ofcom to ensure we are at the heart of the programme to clear spectrum to be used for mobile data services i.e. our 700MHz Clearance programme. The next big evolution in our core markets is the emergence of 5G. In March 2017 the UK Government released A 5G Strategy for the UK supporting the views of the National Infrastructure Commission report. The strategy lays out the ambition and actions required to create an environment that positions the UK as a global leader in the next generation of mobile technologies and digital communications. The report states that to deliver the high speed high capacity capabilities of 5G will likely require the deployment of a significant number of small cells. We are already well placed to play a leading role in the deployment of 5G technology which will bring major benefits to consumers in the form of faster mobile data connections. In February 2017 Arqiva announced a partnership with Samsung to run the first UK 5G field trials using fixed wireless access in the 28GHz spectrum for which we have a national licence. In recent months we have also acquired a further licence to use this spectrum which covers Central and Greater London and bolsters Arqivas existing spectrum band ownership. The trial is now in operation in Arqivas London offices over the summer and showcases its solution to demonstrate what superfast connectivity will mean for UK business and residents. Financials There has been strong growth in our business with revenue up 6.7 1 earnings 2 up 10.0 and cash generation 3 up 46.7. What is particularly pleasing is that we have seen growth across each of our businesses. Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2017 Chief Executives Statement 09 Arqiva Group Limited 1 Reported revenues of 943.8m in 2017 and 884.7m in 2016 2 Referencing EBITDA as reported on page 21 2017 467.0m 2016 424.4m 3 Referencing operating cash flow after capital and financial investment activities as reported on page 21 2017 332.5m 2016 226.6m 9 Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements 2017 The main drivers of growth were in T elecoms M2M and T errestrial Broadcast with revenues up 18.5 1 and 6.3 respectively. A significant proportion of this has come from recurring revenues from the core telecoms towers business DTT platform and radio contracts and the Groups smart metering network.