We hope to be able to allocate Aurora its share of the Stanley Gibbons investment and we need to change the Existing Investment Policy to do so. We have invested in Stanley Gibbons and Hornby because they fit our profile of having great long term potential to make attractive returns for shareholders whilst being currently available at attractive prices. These changes do not herald any change in our investment philosophy or principles which have served us well at Phoenix for the past 20 years. Gary Channon CIO Phoenix Asset Management Partners 20 April 2018 Job No 34360 Proof Event 15 Black Line Level 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA Customer Praxis Project Title Aurora Annual Report 2017 T 0207 055 6500 F 020 7055 6600 16 Annual Report Strategic Report Investment Managers Review and Outlook Tristan Chapple April 2018 In early March a week or so before putting pen to paper for this review the FT published a story entitled Global investors shun UK Stock market FT Chris Flood 5 March 2018 that suggested UK equities are currently the most unpopular asset class in the world among large institutional investors not the most auspicious of backdrops for an investment trust with significant exposure to UK domestic businesses. Moreover one of the questions we have been most frequently asked during recent meetings with potential investors is how do you feel the portfolio is positioned given Brexit. The question is perfectly reasonable and the answer has two parts firstly we make the general observation that the Brexit negotiation process like the making of a sausage is not attractive to behold. It is also a subject to which we bring no unique insight whether we endup with the political equivalent of a shortdated Iceland frozen banger or a mouthwatering handmade finocchiona remains to be seen. The most important point on this topic for shareholders of Aurora is that the Phoenix investment approach does not involve socalled topdown investing. For readers not familiar with the jargon topdown investing is when a fund manager begins with a belief that world events will unfold in a certain way for example concluding ahead of the event that Britains leaving the EU will mean suchandsuch. Then each stock in the portfolio is selected with this opinion in mind if that opinion turns out to be accurate then the investment performance of the portfolio may be good if the view turns out to be wrong the investment performance is more likely to be poor. On the other hand the Phoenix approach to building a portfolio of stocks is known as bottomup. Less ribald than it sounds this simply means we dont pick stocks on the basis that they will benefit from specific macroeconomic events but because we think each investment is a compelling proposition in its own right. And that brings us to the second part of the answer we give to potential investors who ask us about Brexit or our UK focus that despite the prevailing downer on UK business our portfolio comprises a number of highquality companies that are generally prospering and that we think will continue to do well over the medium to longterm whatever Brexit has in store. Turning last years precedent into a tradition we will begin the activity review with the years laggard GSK whose share price fell 11. GSK has a new highly regarded CEO Emma Walmsley whose actions we have been watching closely and of which we so far approve. However fears remain that the company doesnt have sufficient new patented drugs to replace older products whose patents face expiry. Known as the patent cliff this has been one of the bear arguments against GSK for a while. However our counter is that this view doesnt consider the long history of creative destruction in large pharma companies a patented drugs commercial life is almost never more than 15 years drugs comeandgo all the time and yet todays largest drug companies have been major forces in the pharmaceutical industry for generations. Why should the companies endure when the products they sell do not We think the answer lies in the vast scale and expertise possessed by companies like GSK in areas such as RD and distribution their size and depth of talent means that significant discovery and subsequent commercialisation is likely even when predicting the advent of specific new products is impossible. Another bear argument is that global pharma firms are unwieldy and staid sittingducks to smaller more nimble competitors. And yet despite the profusion of startup biotech businesses to have emerged over recent decades almost none of them have threatened the dominance of big pharma. Even when these smaller businesses or university departments discover something of potential commercial value they often form alliances with or are acquired by much larger pharma groups. Why Because the bigger firms with their benefits of scale are more likely to succeed in commercialising innovation. With the shares priced under 13 we increased our shareholding in GSK during the year. Strategic Report Job No 34360 Proof Event 15 Black Line Level 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA Customer Praxis Project Title Aurora Annual Report 2017 T 0207 055 6500 F 020 7055 6600 Job No 34360 Proof Event 15 Black Line Level 0 Park Communications Ltd Alpine Way London E6 6LA Customer Praxis Project Title Aurora Annual Report 2017 T 0207 055 6500 F 020 7055 6600 Annual Report Strategic Report 17 We are ambivalent about shortterm share price movements and dont think they can be predicted although we did note that the wooden spoon last year in terms of share price went to Sports Direct amidst a perfect storm of bad PR and a minor profits warning. However we said at the time that we rated the business and its management very highly and we were enthused about the investment.