The sourcing of a partner that has skill and expertise in this area is seen as extremely beneficial to moving the plans forward. Exploration drilling The Company undertook exploration drilling in Q1 2018 at the Drozhilovskoye site the results of which were very encouraging. In terms of funding the Company has sufficient operational funds from its existing facility with Amrita Investments. The Company will seek to source developmental funds as the project moves forward and the quantum of funding requirement becomes more transparent. The Board wishes to thank the shareholders for their patience and we are confident of looking forward to a productive 2018 as the Company develops. Kanat Assaubayev Chairman 1 June 2018 02 Kemin Resources Plc Annual Report 2017 CHAIRMANS STATEMENT 03 Kemin Resources Plc Annual Report 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REPORT Strategic report Governance Financial statements The Company is in the process of analysing the latest drilling results with the next step to refine the production techniques and subject to sourcing additional funding establish a pilot plant for production at a later stage. Overview As an update on the licences The extension to the Smirnovskoye licence and associated work programmes was agreed with the Kazakh authorities and the licence extended to September 2019. The extension to the Drozhilovskoye licence and associated work programmes is with the Kazakh authorities and is in the final administrative stages of sign off. Final sign is expected in Q2 2018 and the licence extension will run for 2 years from the date of signing. The Company has been moving forward with the development of the sites with a view to moving to production. The initial starting point is the analysis of samples that were extracted at Drozhilovskoye. Once this has been completed and the technological basis for extracting the three principal minerals Molybdenum Tungsten and Lithium from the ore a production plan will be established. It is envisaged subject to sourcing additional funding that a pilot plant will be established with an initial run rate of 300000t or ore per annum. The full production plant will be significantly higher than this at approx. 3mt of ore being processed. Exploration Work Update The latest drilling and analysis work clarified the geological structure of the Drozhilovskoye field and confirmed that the tungsten and molybdenum minerals are isolated and that they can be selectively mined. The work also confirmed the presence of significant amounts of high quality lithium. The work undertaken by the Company internally has allowed a reestimation of the contained metal content of both molybdenum and tungsten resources and provides a first estimate for the lithium resource all with a cutoff grade of 0.05. The drilling consisted of number of bore holes totaling 534 metres and 417 samples were taken for analytical review. Please refer to the Companys RNS dated 19 March 2018 for further information. Further development of the asset The Companys lead specialists recently visited Chinese research institutes to familiarise themselves with the technology and discuss the detailed procedures for processing molybdenum tungsten and lithium ores and to deliver a presentation on Kemin. The trip also involved a visit to an operating plant for the beneficiation of molybdenum tungsten and lithium ores with the end product being flotation concentrates of three different types of metal i.e. molybdenum tungsten and lithium. The deposits of the Drozhilovskoye field are regarded by management to be very similar to the ores being processed at that plant. This plant visited is owned by China Molybdenum which is the largest molybdenum mining company in China. During the meeting China Molybdenum showed interest in the Drozhilovskoye field and discussions were held in relation to a possible joint development of the field. These initial discussions centered on development via open pit mining and situation of the production complex close to good rail links and power supplies. This together with the presence of lithium and other minerals indicated from the test drilling conducted makes the development of the field attractive to a partner and further discussions are planned to take place. The following work needs to be carried out to transition to the production phase Completion of a mineral block model and resource estimation. As part of the process of moving to the next stage of development the Company will instruct a Competent Persons Report in accordance with the JORC code for both sites. Approval of the reserves by the Kazakh authorities Further geological exploration through drilling confirmatory boreholes and taking further samples for process testing and determining an efficient technology for the extraction of molybdenum tungsten and lithium Subject to sourcing additional funding the process testing will be followed by construction of a pilot beneficiation plant with a proposed processing capacity of 300kt per year and which will produce a concentrate of molybdenite tungsten and a concentrate of lithium Completion of a feasibility study to confirm all technical and financial results including using the design of the pilot beneficiation plant to develop subject to sourcing additional funding. A beneficiation plant with ore processing capacity of 3.0mt per year. Funding Funding requirements are being assessed to determine what additional funding is required in the first instance in relation to the construction of the pilot plant. The costs of the work programs for both sites totals approximately 2.3m for the two year licence period. The Company has sufficient cash resources available under its current facility arrangements with Amrita 4.5million of which is still available for drawdown to perform the work programmes as currently specified. However dependent on future plans and in particular the setting up and operation of a pilot plant further funds may be raised through equitydebt finance. During this nonproductive phase the Company will maintain a tight control of costs in order to maintain cash resources. In relation to development funding to move to the production stage the Company is currently exploring and developing plans to obtain further lines of funding once a firmer budgeted cost of developing the pilot plant and production techniques are refined.