Andrew brings a wealth of financial expertise commercial experience and a strong consumercentric background and will be appointed Chair of the Audit Committee in May 2018. Ashley leaves Rightmove after nine years of providing sage advice during a period in which our business financial systems and controls have evolved significantly. The Board has benefited from his valuable contributions and I am personally grateful for his wise counsel. Following the year end we announced the appointment of Lorna Tilbian as a NonExecutive Director with effect from 1 February 2018. Lorna has had a distinguished career in the media sector and I am delighted to welcome her to the Board. Lornas addition to the Board is also notable in that from May 2018 this will bring our female Board representation to 50 overall with a 5050 representation of men and women at both executive and nonexecutive director level. Looking forward The Board and I are grateful for the confidence and support of all our customers and for the talent and dedication of our employees. We are clear that our goal is to continue to work together to position Rightmove as the essential marketplace for home hunters and for property advertisers to reach by far the widest possible audience. Scott Forbes Chairman sustainable returns to shareholders and consistent with our policy of increasing the total dividend for the year broadly in line with earnings per share the Board recommends a final dividend of 36.0p 2016 32.0p per ordinary share. This brings the total dividend for the year to 58.0p 2016 51.0p an increase of 14. The final dividend subject to shareholder approval will be paid on 1 June 2018 to all shareholders on the register on 4 May 2018. Corporate governance One of the Boards responsibilities is ensuring that the Group applies good governance to facilitate effective management of a high growth business. As the Companys Chairman I am pleased to note that the Group is continuing to foster an environment of entrepreneurial leadership and innovation in a framework of responsible governance and risk management as set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 32 to 45. Board changes In May 2017 after 16 years of leadership Nick McKittrick retired from the Board. Nick had led the Company as Chief Executive Officer since April 2013 and together with his management team helped deliver an outstanding financial performance with revenues growing by over 50 and a strong share price rise during that period that reflected our delivery of continued improvements in value provided to customers and consumers alike. Nick passed the baton to Peter BrooksJohnson our Chief Operating Officer and Board director since 2011 and I am pleased to say that as anticipated the transition has been seamless with the strong results in 2017 and continued positive outlook being testament to this. Having completed three full terms Colin Kemp retired from the Board as a NonExecutive Director in May 2017. In June 2017 as part of our Board succession plans we welcomed It was a proud year of achievement serving property professionals and home hunters. We are committed to continue that effort with the same level of energy innovation and sensitivity to the needs and demands of all our stakeholders in 2018. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Rightmove plc annual report 2017 5 Strategic report Business model The UK housing market both in sales and rentals is complex and often inefficient. Moving home can be a stressful and time consuming experience for consumers and an inefficient frustrating process for professionals often with elements of wasted effort and unavoidable manual processes. We believe by creating a simpler and more efficient marketplace we can make home moving in the UK easier. A better marketplace which empowers consumers and property professionals alike creates a better housing market. By creating value for and building longterm partnerships with both consumers and property professionals we are able to grow our revenue. Our continued growth allows us to innovate to create more value for all. Our aim is to create a more efficient housing marketplace and make home moving easier What we do Rightmove is the UKs number one property portal and the UKs largest property marketplace. We bring the UKs largest and most engaged property audience and the largest inventory of properties together in one place. We benefit from strong network effects as our property audience and the properties our customers advertise create a virtuous circle enhancing the Rightmove value proposition. Our customers are primarily estate agents letting agents and new homes developers advertising properties for sale and to rent in the UK. Rightmove is free to consumers and it is the only place where home buyers and renters can see almost the entire UK property market in one place. The ease of accessing the UK property market through fast always available digital platforms means Rightmove has become the place consumers turn to first when they think about moving home. The simplicity Rightmove brings can reduce the stress of finding your next home. The carefully designed website avoids distractions in pursuit of simplicity putting home hunters in control of their search and research. Rightmove takes some of the effort out of the home search by bringing suitable properties to home hunters and in 2017 we sent more than half a billion instant alerts to over two million people. Knowing the moment a new property comes to market allows a home hunter to stay abreast of the market wherever they are. Combined with our near whole of market view consumers need not fear missing their dream property when it comes to market.