This pleasing increase resulted partly from the inflow of AUM from the clients of new Advisers and Investment Managers alongside transactional revenue and positive investment markets. Commission income from broking and investment activity showed a strong recovery in the second half of the year after a poor first half that had been negatively affected by Brexit. Net investment management fees signalled growth on the back of new AUM and portfolio values increased by 5.1 to 8.2m 2016 7.8m. Gross revenues from the Investment Management division increased by 14.4 during the period to 27.0m 2016 23.6m which contributed to this segments significantly improved reported result compared to the previous year. Management believe Statement of financial position As at 31 March 2017 the Groups financial position remains strong with a 6.6 increase in the level of net assets to 21.8m 2016 20.5m including an increase in net cash held at the year end date of 7.69m 2016 7.2m despite higher dividend payments of 716000 2016 657000 and acquisition cash consideration payments of 1098000 2016 823000. 10 Strategic report Walker Crips Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We continue to build an integrated Investment Management and Wealth Management business for high net worth and mass affluent clients from a growing base of regional offices. We maintain our culture and the appeal of independence flexibility and integrity focusing on achieving the right customer outcomes. Market opportunity 201617 year in review David Camerons announcement of the date of the Brexit referendum doused the flames of investment opportunity market activity and overseas investment in UK. It allowed the fear of volatility to override the enthusiasm for sensible investment. The first half of our 201617 financial year reflected the malaise that had pervaded markets and the resultant level of market activity which was low. However activity picked up towards the end of 2016 after Donald Trump emerged as the surprise winner of the US Presidential election. The markets reacted positively as they translated his fiscal stimuli infrastructure investment programmes probusiness stance and decisive approach into an enthusiasm for risk assets. Sterling suffered an immediate and extreme fall in the aftermath of the Brexit result to 1.30 having mainly traded in the 1.55 to 1.45 area with similar falls against many other global currencies. Whilst this provided a price stimulus for companies with high levels of overseas earnings it had a negative effect on inflation and cost expectations as investors operated a cautious and inactive approach. After an immediate selloff and recovery in the hours after the referendum the UK equity market began a positive march from June 2016 to March 2017. The FTSE 100 climbed from below 6000 to over 7400 buoyed by the positive effect of weak Sterling on foreign earning companies. Expected increases in interest rates were put on hold as soon as the Brexit result was given and shortly after the referendum the Bank of England reduced interest rates to 0.25 and introduced a new quantitative easing programme to shore up confidence. Although tenyear gilt yields rose off their postBrexit vote lows of 0.51 August 2016 having fallen from 1.60 April 2016 they rose to 1.51 in January 2017 before retreating to March 2017 lows of 1.07. In the quarter following the referendum commercial property investment stalled with the IPD Index falling over 2 although this was to pick up through the year end and into 2017. Inflation stayed persistently low at 1.3 in September and October 2016 but a recovery in energy prices and rising food inflation led to a spike in inflation in 2017 resulting in CPIH reaching 2.3 in March 2017. Inflation over the medium term has been expected to be close to the Bank of Englands upper limit of 3 due to a buoyant economy low unemployment imported inflation on the back of weak Sterling as well as the longerterm effects of Brexit. Our position in the market We continue to realise our aim of building an integrated Investment Management and Wealth Management business for high net worth and mass affluent clients from bases in London York Birmingham and selected regions. The growth in Assets Under Management and Administration AUMA in 201617 has come from new clients attracted through new Investment Managers who have joined recently and through the positive performance and increasing values of the underlying investments themselves. We see continued AUMA growth coming from opportunities in changes of pensions legislation from ongoing referrals and introductions from clients and intermediaries and from new joiners who bring their clients. We maintain our culture and the appeal of independence flexibility and integrity alongside our Associate model with a predominant focus on achieving the right customer outcomes. We compete with our peers and larger institutions who aim to direct their clients into services that suit those firms own corporate needs. Larger competitors limit the service that they offer to clients in order to simplify their offering at the expense of client choice. We also seek to develop revenue streams that constitute an increasing percentage of fees adding complementary businesses without detracting from investment management and wealth management. The opportunities afforded by the increased pension freedom represent a substantial shift in the way in which SIPPs and SSASs can be viewed and in particular the potential for using personal pensions in different ways and the shift from defined benefit schemes to defined contribution schemes including SIPPs. The year ahead Whilst a high level of uncertainty continues to pervade the economic geopolitical and specifically UK political status quo markets remain threatened with potential volatility. Risk assets which have been bought and held by those with cash or with the ability to raise finance at the extremely low prevailing interest rates continue to reach recent and alltime highs. We continue to believe in the importance of dividend income in this low interest rate environment however some equity valuations are being stretched.