This reflects our commitment to return surplus cash to shareholders whilst maintaining an efficient balance sheet. COMPASS SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE VS FTSE 100 OVER LAST 3 YEARS POSITION IN FTSE 100 INDEX AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2017 25 2016 24 COMPASS SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE VS FTSE 100 INDEX Our expectations for FY2018 are positive with growth and margin improvement weighted to the second half. The pipeline of new contracts is encouraging and our focus on organic growth efficiencies and cash gives us confidence in achieving another year of progress. In the longer term we remain excited about the significant structural growth opportunities globally and the potential for further revenue growth margin improvement as well as continued returns to shareholders. Paul Walsh Chairman 21 November 2017 Last 24 months Last 12 months Last 36 months 59 35 1 Sept 2016 2017 Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sept 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 Compass FTSE 100 rebased 13 Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT HOW WE CREATE VALUE Our business model begins with organic growth which we drive by sectorising and subsectorising our business. This approach differentiates us and allows us to get close to our customers and create bespoke and innovative solutions. Organic growth is occasionally supplemented by small and medium sized acquisitions that add capability or scale in our existing markets. We focus on operational execution and generate efficiencies by optimising our supply chain and diligently managing our food and labour costs. These efficiencies enable us to reinvest in the significant growth opportunities around the Group and to improve margins. Our organic revenue growth the scale it creates and our focus on cost and efficiencies give us a competitive advantage. We can provide our clients and consumers the best value in terms of quality and cost and this combined with sectorisation helps drive long term sustainable organic revenue growth. At the core lie our people. Our aim is to nurture an engaged and highly capable workforce to win new business manage our units efficiently and effectively and deliver the healthiest most innovative food solutions in a way that provides an exceptional experience to our clients and consumers. OPENNESS TRUST AND INTEGRITY We set the highest ethical and professional standards at all times. We want all our relationships to be based on honesty respect fairness and a commitment to open dialogue and transparency. Our business model in action Our values Our values set out the things we collectively believe in. They guide the way we conduct our business and the way we behave. ORGANIC REVENUE GROWTH COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE OUR PEOPLE COSTOPERATING EFFICIENCIES Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 14 Our strategy PASSION FOR QUALITY We are passionate about delivering superior food and service and take pride in achieving this. We look to replicate success learn from mistakes and develop the ideas innovation and practices that will help us improve and lead our market. WIN THROUGH TEAMWORK We encourage individual ownership but work as a team. We value the expertise individuality and contribution of all colleagues working in support of each other and readily sharing good practice in pursuit of shared goals. RESPONSIBILITY We take responsibility for our actions individually and as a Group. Every day everywhere we look to make a positive contribution to the health and wellbeing of our customers the communities we work in and the world we live in. CANDO SAFELY We take a positive and commercially aware cando approach to the opportunities and challenges we face we always put safety first in everything we do. We have a disciplined approach to long term growth and remain focused on delivering shareholder value. Our priorities 1. FOCUS ON FOOD 2. INCREMENTAL APPROACH TO SUPPORT SERVICES Food is our focus and our core competence. We take a pragmatic and incremental approach to other support services developing strategies on a country by country basis. How we drive growth 3. PRIORITISE ORGANIC GROWTH 4. SELECT BOLTON ACQUISITIONS Our preference is to grow organically given that it yields the highest returns and leverages the significant structural growth opportunity in the global food services market. However we also seek to invest in small to medium sized acquisitions but only if they are attractive targets that have the right cultural fit and further strengthen our organic growth capabilities. How we deliver for our clients 5. BESTINCLASS EXECUTION We are committed to providing the best quality and value to our clients with bestinclass execution. We have increased our focus on innovation in our core food business to bring more variety and excitement to our offer as well as to improve our operations. 15 Compass Group PLC Annual Report 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT HOW WE CREATE VALUE CONTINUED Our model for creating value has remained unchanged for years. Its longevity is down to its simplicity and proven success. We prioritise organic growth and concentrate resources on driving new business and retention see MAP 1 below and consumer sales MAP 2. We focus relentlessly on costs this includes managing the cost of food MAP 3 in unit labour costs and overheads MAP 4 and what we term above unit overheads MAP 5. In large markets our size and scale enable us to have a lower food cost structure and to make better use of overheads. Efficiency and effectiveness are key to improving margins. This focus on organic revenue growth and margins helps grow our earnings and cash flow. Our priorities for cash are clear and simple. We invest to support organic revenue growth of 46 and to generate further efficiencies to modestly improve margins. Capital expenditure tends to be 2.53 of sales. We invest in bolton acquisitions that add capability or scale in an existing market and whose returns exceed the cost of capital by year two.