Building upon our work and investment in research clinical progression and manufacturing capability we believe 4D is well positioned to change this. During 2017 we have laid the groundwork to take our products into patients across a host of disease areas with the aim to provide robust clinical data to demonstrate the potential of Live Biotherapeutics. Current clinical programmes We have worked with regulators and clinicians both in Europe and the United States to develop Blautix our clinical programme in Irritable Bowel Syndrome IBS. Building on the patient data from the phase I trials which both reinforced the safety of our Live Biotherapeutics and highlighted promising efficacy signals we believe Blautix to address a key underlying cause of the disease and not just the symptoms as is the case with current available treatments. Consequently we are looking to address the IBS subtypes IBSC constipation and IBSD diarrhoea in our upcoming phase II trial. Targeting commencement of dosing in the second half of 2018 the trial will be conducted in both Europe and the United States. The trial will look to dose up to 500 patients to give sufficient power to indicate efficacy as well as providing further insights into a disease which is estimated to affect over 10 of the global population but irrespective of its prevalence is not yet well understood. We have completed dosing in the phase I study of Thetanix our clinical programme in Paediatric Crohns Disease and we will report the outcome of this study in the coming months. Moving to the next stage of the development of Thetanix we have decided to initially focus our efforts on the adult population. The rationale for this is that whilst the need for a safe and effective paediatric solution remains high it is a reflection of the severe nature of the disease that our recruitment for the phase Ib trial was slow with a number of eligible patients screened experiencing flare before they could enter the trial. We will explore opportunities to remain active with this group of patients and continue to involve those patients and clinicians we have been working with. The Thetanix phase II study will recruit adult Crohns Disease patients and we anticipate making regulatory submissions for this study in the second half of 2018. Oncology and other pending clinical programmes An area of increasing interest in the microbiome field and one 4D has long focussed on is oncology. In late 2015 our proprietary MicroRx discovery platform identified a bacterium MRx0518 that had shown efficacy in preclinical cancer models. Through 2017 we have concentrated on two areas of MRx0518 development firstly unpicking the mode of action and secondly preparing for clinical studies. We believe understanding mechanism is critical to the development of Live Biotherapeutics as a therapeutic class we do not believe the field can continue to take an ecobiotic approach to therapeutics simply relying on a correlation of the presence absence of bacteria. We aim to understand how the bacteria influence disease by using MicroRx to pick out strains that have a functional effect on pathways that are known by clinicians regulators and industry alike to be associated with disease. As recently announced 4D has highlighted key aspects of the mode of action of MRx0518 identifying a specific component of the bacteria that stimulates pathways known to be associated with the bodys response to cancer these findings are to be investigated further in upcoming clinical trials. 05 4D pharma plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 4dpharmaplc.com S Chief Executive Officers Report continued on both microbiome and metabolite profiles and the commonalities of the microbiome across all IBS subtypes. This observational study was completed in August and we are now well advanced in preparation for a larger multicentre trial to further validate this work at sites in the UK Ireland and the US. In tandem with research we have focussed on developing our intellectual property estate the largest in the microbiome sector to help secure and consolidate our leading position in the field having at year end 207 granted patents and 320 patent applications from 32 patent families. To enable this focus we have had to postpone our desire to publish our work but now having gained a marketleading intellectual property position over the coming year we will be actively seeking to publish our research in leading publications and at conferences. Financial summary In the year to December 2017 our cash and cash equivalents and shortterm deposits reduced from 68.8 million to 50.0 million with a loss before tax of 24.0 million compared with 11.7 million in the year to December 2016 though this included 3.5 million of nonrecurring costs arising from the revaluation of the contingent consideration on Cork after it achieved the first milestone. Our claim for research and development tax credit was 3.5 million compared with 1.8 million in the year to December 2016. Our cash burn for the year was in line with expectation reflecting among other things the increased costs of taking our existing clinical programmes forward and preparing our next wave of programmes for upcoming phase I and II trials. In a similar way to the development of our cancer programmes we are continuing to advance our programme in asthma. Targeting regulatory submission for the study in Q3 2018 4D will investigate the use of MRx0004 in a phase III study in asthma patients with poorly controlled symptoms. The trial will primarily investigate the safety of MRx0004 and will additionally have a suite of secondary endpoints to give an indication of efficacy. Development Key to the success of our programmes is the ability to deliver therapies to patients. During 2017 4D further upgraded its development and manufacturing facility in Len in Spain and it is now a standalone fully operational GMPcertified facility for the production of Live Biotherapeutics.