The strength of our culture delivers industryleading performance in financial measures as well as the softer subjective measures of customer experience and satisfaction. I am also pleased to report that we have a high calibre management team supporting the executive leadership team and senior Directors. We have recently completed a Senior Leadership Development Programme with ten members of the team who exhibit the potential and talent to occupy senior executive roles. My participation in the reviewing and assessing of the final stages of the programme gave me great encouragement that our succession planning and future talent are being successfully developed. Our ability to adapt and modify has kept us relevant and accurate in delivering customer satisfaction measured by our net promotor score and our own customer engagement programme. This success can be seen by the continual improvement in both measures of customer satisfaction. Outlook The business continues to invest across all parts of the Group its people estate technology and brands. We have a strong estate which will continue to grow with one centre our 58th already opened in the new financial year and a number of refurbishments and rebrands planned. Our strong balance sheet will allow us to undertake our strategic purpose and the Group continues to perform in line with the Boards expectations for the full year. I thoroughly enjoy my role as Chairman and feel enthused and confident about the year ahead. We are wellpositioned to continue to create value for all our shareholders with the whole team working every day to generate the right levels of positive energy to deliver the best possible experience for our customers. I would like to conclude by expressing my thanks to all team members across the Group for what has been another successful year. Peter Boddy NonExecutive Chairman 11 December 2017 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executive Officers review our strategy is delivering profitable growth stephen burns Our enhanced offer and continued development of our brands is widening the appeal to our core family customer group. I am delighted to report on another very successful year for the Hollywood Bowl Group. We achieved revenue of 114.0m representing growth of 8.8 per cent on FY2016 and 3.5 per cent on a like for like basis LFL. We achieved this through the execution of our customerled strategy by improving game volumes and spend per game by delivering great value for money experiences investing in our refurbishment programme and growing the estate through our new openings and acquisition programme. Through all of this we have seen Group adjusted EBITDA grow to 33.4m a 13.7 per cent increase over the prior year while operating profits grew by 54.4 per cent. Hollywood Bowl Group is the UKs tenpin bowling market leader. We have a high quality leasehold property portfolio of 58 centres across the UK and lead the market in profitability and margin. The Group is well placed to benefit from the widely reported and notable shift in behaviour of customers seeking to spend disposable income on experiences rather than material items. Our enhanced and evolving offer as well as the continued development of our brands is widening the appeal to our core family customer group who are spending longer in our centres and to our landlords who are looking for highquality leisure operators to supplement their retail offers. Strategic progress Our simple strategy focuses on growing the business organically and driving growth through the effective deployment of capital and we are very pleased with the progress we have made in FY2017. Likeforlike growth Improvements in LFL revenue performance have been underpinned by a number of factors including increased customer visits yearonyear. Game volumes in the year were up 3.1 per cent LFL and 8.5 per cent total. More of our target market sought out our highquality family entertainment centres and we were able to leverage our sector leading CRM system to encourage customers on our database to visit us again via targeted marketing activity. We have worked hard expanding the roll out of proven initiatives and on introducing new concepts to enhance the customer experience. The continuing roll out of the Hollywood Diner menu has enhanced the quality of our products as well as drive dwell time in our diners. The new menu is now in 30 centres and will be rolled out to the rest of the estate over the coming year. The highly successful VIP concept is now in 40 centres and is a fantastic upgrade for our customers at just an extra 1 per player per game. Our highquality amusement offer has been further enhanced with the test of virtual reality gaming in three of our centres an exciting new experience. We are also testing our new cashless amusement offer as we look to proactively anticipate customer needs and demands. The dynamic pricing model we introduced in July enabled us to strategically increase prices without impacting the Groups relative price competitiveness or damaging our reputation for being a great valueformoney experience our prices remain amongst the lowest of the major tenpin bowling operators. Strategic Report hollywood bowl group plc 18 Strategic Report All of these initiatives as well as the fantastic teams we have in our centres have contributed to our spend per game growing from 8.63 to 8.70 in FY2017. Refurbishment and rebrand programme Ten full refurbishments were completed in FY2017 including the rebranding of four Bowlplex and two AMF centres Tunbridge Wells Cwmbran Portsmouth Brighton Tolworth and Ashford. Over 60 per cent of the estate has now been refurbished with each project benefiting from those that have gone before resulting in exceptional industry leading environments. In consequence we continue to deliver impressive returns from the capital deployed with the ten refurbishments on track to outperform their targeted 33 per cent return on investment.