Vectura has a wellestablished business with proven capabilities and a simple differentiated business model which can be described in three simple steps firstly inhaled drug formulation and licensing secondly inhaled device design development and licensing and thirdly our sweet spot where we combine the drug formulation and device work together and license a combined development programme to partners. We hit this sweet spot when we maximise the integrated combined IP technology and skills across our platforms and teams and it is at this point that we can create the highest value returns from our partners. We have a well proven track record of value creation through this model with some of the worlds biggest pharma companies. Typically our formulation licensing expertise is seen in the revenues from novel patented molecules for inhaled delivery including Novartis Ultibro Breezhaler and GSKs Ellipta portfolio. Proprietary device licensing is a relatively small part of the business again typically for novel patented molecules. Bayers Breelib TM iloprost product and Ablynxs ALX0171 novel inhaled Nanobody both of which use the FOX device are both examples of this approach. Our sweet spot where we combine our inhaled drug formulation device and development expertise for the enhanced delivery of existing molecules or as generic developments is demonstrated through inmarket products such as flutiform and AirFluSal Forspiro. In total our partnered model capabilities reputation and track record are exemplified in the more than ten partnerships we have with leading pharmaceutical companies. What we do is technically complex and the way we do it is different. Unlike most companies operating in this sector that work on elements of what we do few have a proven successful track record of combining and integrating the three key elements of inhaled drug formulation device and combined product development. Additionally none have the range of skills and platforms that Vectura has developed ranging from small to large molecule and biologic formulation through to dry powder pressurised metered dose and novel nebulised device design and development. In the complex and challenging world of inhaled drugdevice development these proven capabilities are rare and difficult to replicate and provide the basis for our sustained and valuable differentiation. In order to further accelerate the value leverage of our skills we have taken the decision to adjust the focus of our investment with a deliberate shift towards projects with higher value and higher probability of success. Investment priority is being given to projects where Vectura has the highest probability of value creation with known medicines either as partnered generics or as medicines with enhanced delivery mechanisms using Vecturas advanced proprietary devices. Vectura will be more selective in identifying partnering and codevelopment opportunities for novel molecules focusing only on highly profitable and significant opportunities. Existing earlystage novel programmes will be outlicensed where the cost risk and likely returns do not meet our newly defined investment criteria. Our strategy remains one where we are pursuing growth whilst at the same time maintaining and demonstrating strong financial management and capital allocation discipline. Operational highlights Inmarket portfolio Our key inhaled growth drivers flutiform and Ultibro Breezhaler have continued to perform strongly in market. flutiform generated inmarket sales of 206.2m up 11.8 on a constant currency basis contributing 68.5m to underlying revenues for Vectura 2016 underlying 65.8m. Mundipharma continues to focus on driving growth for flutiform and is making steady market share gains in a highly competitive and mature European ICSLABA market reporting value growth of 5.0 on a constant currency basis. Outside of Europe Mundipharma has continued to drive strong growth of 32.5 in 2017. As anticipated in our interim statements Vecturas 2017 reported revenues were impacted by destocking which was driven by partner working capital management. In Japan which now contributes over 37.1 of total flutiform sales Kyorin continues to make good progress with inmarket sales up 19.8. This performance has given flutiform a market share of 11.5 in the Japanese ICSLABA market. With a strong respiratory commercial heritage in Japan and the relatively less mature nature of the Japanese ICSLABA market we believe that Kyorin has a solid basis for further strong growth in the future. Ultibro Breezhaler grew in market by 20.6 on a constant currency basis with total reported sales of Ultibro Breezhaler and Seebri Breezhaler exceeding 550m. Ultibro Breezhaler continues to be the leading LAMALABA combination exUS and is maintaining a strong growth profile despite heavy competition from Boehringers Stiolto combination. Following the initial rapid launch of Stiolto its market share is now stabilising with Ultibro Breezhaler maintain its marketleading position and strong trajectory growth supported changes to the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease GOLD global COPD management strategy and a robust clinical data set. Reported sales for Ultibro Breezhaler were also affected by destocking as indicated by Novartis however they reported strong Q4 growth of 26 on a constant currency basis. GSKs branded Ellipta portfolio has also grown strongly with annual capped revenue of 9m achieved in Q3 2017. Generics pipeline A number of people have asked me why we would increase our focus on generics at a time when generics are under huge pressure in the US. To date there have been no approvals of complex inhaled substitutable drugdevice combinations in the US and our own VR315 asset has been delayed following the receipt of a CRL. The answer is quite simple. 12 Vectura Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Operational highlights continued Generics pipeline continued We should not confuse the overall generics market including the oral solids market for example which is relatively simple and commoditised with the complex inhaled drugdevice combination market which remains untapped in the US today.