John Daly Chairman 28 November 2017 7.7 revenue growth delivered in 2017 Maximum taste no sugar As part of our ongoing focus on helping consumers make healthier choices weve led all our advertising with Pepsi MAX since 2005 and have focused our innovation pipeline on low and nosugar products. Recent innovations for the brand include Pepsi MAX Cherry and Pepsi MAX Ginger the first nosugar cola and ginger combination to hit the UK market. Strategic report Governance Financial statements Additional information Britvic plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT CAPITALISE ON EXISTING AND FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES Simon Litherland Chief Executive Officer This year we have continued to make good progress delivering our longterm strategic goals. The challenges we face in all our markets have been well documented however our continued focus on meeting consumer needs successfully executing our commercial plans and driving cost efficiency has translated into a strong full year performance. We have delivered revenue and margin growth and our adjusted EBITA increased by 5.1 enabling us to deliver an 8.2 increase in the full year dividend. Generate profitable growth in our core markets GB The GB soft drinks market as measured by Nielsen has for the first time in several years seen value growth ahead of volume. Thanks to disciplined revenue management we have led the value growth in the soft drinks category and successfully protected our profitability in response to rising costs driven by underlying cost inflation and the weakening of sterling. Margins improved in the second half of the year following the implementation of revenue management changes. In the carbonates category we have continued to focus on no and lowsugar offerings. Despite a highly competitive grocery market Pepsi MAX has continued to gain volume and value share and we have seen an excellent performance from the R Whites brand following the introduction of a premium range last year. In GB stills whilst we have seen a decline in revenue our performance trajectory has improved year on year and encouragingly we have returned to volume growth. Robinsons and Fruit Shoot have faced pricing pressure in grocery largely due to aggressive private label and branded competition. Whilst we anticipated a weaker final quarter it was worse than expected due to the poor weather in July and August. Warm weather during the school holidays is particularly beneficial to our portfolio of still brands. We have continued to benefit from a strong performance in our portfolio of immediate refreshment packs while in the leisure channel we have won or retained major accounts such as Mitchells Butlers Marstons and KFC. Our recent innovations which we believe offer significant future growth opportunities have performed well and now represent 5.4 of total revenue. Purdeys a healthier more natural energy drink is resonating with consumers and increased its retail value by 55 this year. In the second half of the year we launched Robinsons Refreshd and we are really pleased with its early performance achieving 4m retail sales value in 19 weeks since launch. This readytodrink format offers naturally sourced ingredients and no added sugar enabling consumers to enjoy tasty healthy hydration at only 55 calories per bottle. France The soft drinks market as measured by IRI has remained subdued reflecting both the poor summer weather and the continued impact of the consolidation of procurement by grocery retailers. Despite these headwinds our revenues increased driven by the growth of our branded portfolio. We have focused our juice brand marketing on the organic Pressade brand and have seen consumers respond positively to the introduction of the Bonjour range of breakfast time We have again demonstrated our ability to deliver both our shortterm financial goals and our longterm strategic priorities in the face of a challenging external environment. 10 www.britvic.com SIMON LITHERLAND ANSWERS TOPICAL SHAREHOLDER QUESTIONS How do you see the consumer environment any adverse change in consumer behaviour this year We have yet to see any material change in consumer demand for our products in any of our sales channels in GB. In Ireland the retail environment has remained deflationary and in France the consumer environment has remained stable this year. The macroeconomic environment in Brazil has been challenging this year for consumer goods companies and soft drinks has been affected as have many other categories. There is pressure on disposable incomes unemployment has remained high and so people have been cutting back. Why has pro t after tax gone down Profit after tax is a statutory measure and takes into account oneoff costs that have been incurred. In our case the bulk of these oneoff costs relate to our business capability programme and cover things such as scrapping old assets and dualrunning costs of old and new lines. Adjusted EBITA which adjusts for these oneoff costs generated growth of over 5. Are you feeling more or less con dent on the prospects for Fruit Shoot in the USA than last year We have made steady progress over the last 12 months growing distribution and market share. As we head into 2018 we are clear on our priorities of delivering consistent quality instore execution. Improving availability onshelf great feature and display as well as building awareness through sampling and trial are all key areas to focus on. juices. In addition Fruit Shoot has continued to grow benefiting from the recent introduction of new flavour variants and the launch of a higherjuice Fruit Shoot range called Fruizeo that uses spring water and has no added sugar. Ireland The year has seen continued success in Ireland with growth in both our own brand portfolio and the Counterpoint wholesale business. Growth in Counterpoint has been further boosted by additional business in Dublin following the successful completion of the acquisition of East Coast in January. Our owned brands including Ballygowan and MiWadi have grown whilst 7UP declined in a competitive lemon and lime category.