We have also spent part of the year ensuring the smooth integration of Ingresso and TE2 into the accesso family. These acquisitions have improved both the breadth and impact of our offering and are already being set to work with our existing products to improve the range of solutions we can offer our customers. People We are acutely aware that our ability to attract and retain the best available talent across our organisation is vital to our ongoing success and during the year we have introduced a number of initiatives with this goal in mind. We continue to expand our workforce to meet the growing demands of our scaling business and our year end nonseasonal employee count including those who joined as part of the acquisitions totaled nearly 500 at the end of the year up from 362 in 2016. To better integrate our functional teams we are currently combining three of our US East Coast offices into our largest office in Lake Mary Florida and we have also launched a substantial computerbased training initiative available for all staff. I want to thank the whole team for its commitment and endeavour during 2017 and we look forward to welcoming many more new faces in 2018. Established Verticals accesso sees its traditional verticals as theme and water park operators. We are proud to have many of the largest operators in this area as clients deploying multiple product offerings across what remains a vital and growing part of our business. During 2017 we saw a number of positive developments in these verticals with none more important than the continued roll out of accesso Prism our stateoftheart inpark wearable device. In May accesso Prism was successfully installed as the backbone of the worlds first 100 queueless water park bringing to life a longheld company ambition that has the potential to redefine our industry with long queue lines remaining the single greatest dissatisfaction metric amongst theme park attendees worldwide. The device has been well received across the board and was recognised as the most impactful new product globally by IAAPA at its Attractions Expo event in Florida in November. During the period accesso Prism also proved its ability to act as a replacement for our Qbot device in a number of successful trials and we expect the device to be rolled out across large parts of our existing accesso LoQueue customer base over the next 12 to 24 months. We are excited about the opportunities that this should present to enhance revenue within our existing estate. Another important dynamic in these markets is the growing desire among some operators to move substantial parts of their guest bases to precommitted season pass arrangements. Supported by accesso Passport their ability to utilise monthly payment plans accelerated the trend. While the adjustment has led to certain changes in guest visitation behaviour the strength and versatility of accesso Prisms commercial model opens up a range of new inpark revenue opportunities. In addition to the continued deployment of our technology to Merlin we were delighted to secure an agreement with Village Roadshow Theme Parks in Queensland Australia with four of their attractions now live with accesso Passport for ticketing eCommerce and pointofsale. This installation also included Ingresso to support the clients thirdparty ticket distribution efforts underscoring the value of our combined solution offering. Wins like these are particularly important as we seek to broaden our reach in the AsiaPacific region which is now supported by offices and technology infrastructure in the region and provides a good example of our ability to add incremental new business on the back of global investments undertaken in recent years. The proportion of our queuing revenues coming from Europe also continues to increase and we have secured a commitment to add the Qsmart mobile app to three European properties ensuring that all of our European queueing clients can now access our services through their mobile device. Adjacent Verticals The acquisitions of accesso Siriusware and accesso ShoWare supported both our technology offering within our established vertical and provided the impetus for accesso to break out beyond its traditional markets into new verticals including ski resorts cultural attractions tours and live event ticketing. Our ambition is to increase penetration in these areas and we were able to make excellent progress against this aim during 2017. accesso ShoWare continued to make excellent strides adding 55 new customers during the period with 38 coming from North America and 17 coming from Latin America. Among these new customers were Welk Resorts a collection of premiere destination and travel resorts in California SLS Las Vegas a luxury boutique hotel and Casino Charleston Battery a football club from South Carolina and Museo Anahuacalli a museum in Coyocan Mexico. Also in Mexico accesso Siriusware secured its largest ever agreement with Experiencias Xcaret which is rolling out 400 salespoints across its 6 luxury ecotourism venues. accesso Siriusware also won its second European contract during the period with Watercourse Distillery Limited in Ireland which owns the Jameson whiskey brand. This accesso Technology Group plc 7 Chief Executives Statement continued represented a joint win with accesso Passport which also is now used by the NFL Experience in Times Square New York and The CNN Studio Tour in Atlanta Georgia. Within accesso ShoWare we continue to make good progress in the live event ticketing space supporting concerts given by Ed Sheeran Bruno Mars John Mayer Green Day and Jack Johnson among others during the period. We also rolled out our complete solution for Toluca FC and its new 31000 seat football stadium. Greenfield Opportunities Last years acquisitions of Ingresso and TE2 have brought a range of new capability to accesso and in addition to supporting our product offerings in our existing verticals have enabled the Group to make its first steps into a new set of entirely greenfield areas including Londons West End Theatre market and the Healthcare space.