Our thoughtful approach to growth reflects our intention to provide our consumers with a service that maintains the highest standards of affordability and seeks to avoid any consumer detriment. On behalf of the Board and our shareholders I would like to thank everyone at HT for their hard work and dedication over the past year. Peter D McNamara Chairman Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Strategic report Directors report Financial statements 04 www.handt.co.uk Our business Who we are Our status Our strategy Our market place As at 31 December 2017 HT was the largest pawnbroking business in the UK by size of pledge book. HT has existed in some form since the late 1800s and over the years has built or acquired some of the oldest and largest pawnbrokers in the UK. Presence on the high street and excellent customer service to a localised customer base have always underpinned HTs approach. For example the store in Edinburgh has operated from the same building and served the same community for more than 150 years. HTs listing on AIM provided the Group with access to new sources of finance. This has enabled its development by adding new products and services and bringing the store network to 181 at 31 December 2017. HT will be the premier provider of alternative credit in the UK through a range of services that help our customers rebuild their credit rating and return to the mainstream. There are three elements to delivery of the strategy 1. Maintain the performance of our core products and stores 2. Develop a range of credit products to serve a wider customer base 3. Enhance distribution by delivering services in store online and through mobile devices. HT operates across the UK in a fastmoving competitive environment. It will continue to succeed by focussing on customer needs training developing and retaining key staff developing existing and new products and expanding its distribution channels. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 05 Strategic report Directors report Financial statements Our customer Personal service Our loan products are often used by people who can not access mainstream credit. Why The most common reason is that they may have experienced problems in the past which resulted in missed payment or defaults on their credit file. Almost half of our personal loan customers are aged under 35 and generally have a thin credit file or a low credit score. Our customers often need money to meet daytoday expenses and as such they need relatively small sums quickly this demand can be met very effectively by our instore products. It is possible to complete a pawnbroking or personal loan in store within 30 minutes. Customers often compare our rates with larger wellknown shortterm credit brands which is advantageous as we are often considerably cheaper. We offer our services both online and in store and ensure that there is a member of staff available for our customers to speak to if they have any questions. Our staff understand that each customer has different needs and they use our range of products to help them to find the best solution. We believe that providing customers with the option of facetoface interaction instore helps to build trust and understanding and delivers genuine high quality service. Customer feedback Est1897 Retail Really great service from these guys Prompt when sending my watch. I made an error with the address and they were able to sort it without hassle. The watch arrived two days after I ordered and it is amazing Will certainly be telling all of my friends to buy from these guys. HandT.co.uk They were so helpful. One quick phone call to verify some details and the money was in my account within a few hours. Online personal loan I applied on HTs website on Saturday and it was processed and agreed on the following Monday. I was surprised I was accepted as my credit rating isnt great but I still have credit. HT didnt just rely on credit scoring alone. Thanks HT. Customer profile Pawnbroking 43 Personal Loans 58 Buyback 64 Gender split Age profile Pawnbroking 57 Personal Loans 42 Buyback 36 Pawnbroking 1824 6 2535 25 3644 23 4455 26 56 20 Personal Loans 1824 13 2535 33 3644 26 4455 19 56 9 Buyback 1824 14 2535 39 3644 24 4455 17 56 7 06 www.handt.co.uk Our products PAWNBROKING A pawnbroking loan is secured on an item of value with a term of up to six months We will lend on any asset we can accurately value typically jewellery and watches. The customer enters into a consumer credit agreement for a period of six months and the customer can redeem the goods at any point during this time providing that they repay the original loan amount plus any interest due. If the customer chooses not to redeem or renew the loan HT will take action to dispose of the goods. The customer has no liability to us beyond the value of the goods. PERSONAL LOANS HTs personal loans are available in store and online. They offer flexibility on the length of loan and regular repayment amount depending on the personal circumstances of each customer. Before issuing a loan we establish the customers identity and complete a thorough affordability assessment. If approved the customer enters into a consumer credit loan agreement and we will collect the repayments on the dates agreed with the customer. JEWELLERY RETAIL HT offers a range of new and secondhand jewellery and watches sourced from our pledge book purchased over the counter or purchased from suppliers. All HTs jewellery is professionally cleaned restored and valued before being redistributed for sale at stores across the country. PURCHASING Purchasing is a simple way for customers to use their unwanted items predominantly gold to raise some cash. The process is straightforward with the store assessing the items agreeing a price with the customer and purchasing the goods for cash on the spot.