We will remain restless and totally focused on the evolving expectations of our customers. And we will do everything we can to strengthen and clearly communicate what makes ASOS different for our exceptional employees partners and millions of customers around the world. Brian McBride Chairman STRATEGIC REPORT ASOS PLC 20 ASOS is delighted to report record sales and profit for the year to 31 August 2017 in line to marginally ahead of expectations. The Group retail sales growth of 34 to 1876.5m 2016 1403.7m was once again driven by strong product proposition improvements and further price investments across major markets. As previously noted the continuing FX tailwind enabled reinvestment at a faster rate than initially planned. Retail gross margin increased by 10bps to 48.6 2016 48.5 as price investments in the US Europe and some RoW territories were offset by a higher full price mix. Delivery receipts grew 18 aided by higher nextday delivery usage and the expansion of Premier globally. Continuing profit before tax and exceptional items grew by 26 to 80.0m 2016 63.7m. The successful rollout of ASOSs new technology platform delivers microservice architecture with fully native mobile experience in android and iOS apps and a vastly improved all new checkout. The platform allows for significantly greater transaction volume at enhanced levels of stability. A critical benefit of the new platform is the increased ability to deliver technical change and innovation at pace the number of technology releases this year surpassed expectations at 1300 vs. 490 in the prior year. The coming year will see a further acceleration in velocity delivering many more customer enhancements new payment methods new language sites and stronger customer engagement. ASOS continued to increase capacity and efficiency at Barnsley successfully transitioned to phase 1 of the new Eurohub 2 fulfilment centre with ongoing work to further double its capacity and automate its operations. In August ASOS signed a lease for a new fulfilment centre in the US which is expected to be operational by Autumn 2018. The investments ASOS is making across logistics will lay the foundations for a c.60 increase in unit capacity and c.4 billion of net sales. Our global potential ASOS continues to see considerable opportunity across key markets. The global apparel market continues to undergo significant channel shift with growth online outstripping the overall market. Online penetration will continue to increase and ASOS is well placed to capitalise on this shift in customer behaviour. In the UK the online apparel market has grown at more than twice the rate of the overall apparel market across the last five years. ASOSs consistent doubledigit sales growth has continued to surpass growth in the online apparel market in all of our key territories. ASOSs market share of online sales remains modest particularly in international markets. ASOS will continue to invest to grow the business at pace to take advantage of the global opportunity. Our unique product Creating and curating the most relevant product for fashionloving 20somethings ASOS offers customers the greatest most relevant choice of fashion at the right price whatever their shape size or style. The ASOS Brand is positioned alongside a curated edit of the best third party brands sourced from across the globe. Sales of ASOS Brand account for c.41 of sales. Newness is important to our customers and is a key differentiator of the ASOS offering. Each week c.5000 new styles are launched with c.85000 products in stock at any one point in time. The brand portfolio continues to evolve. Almost 200 new brands were introduced during the year whilst a similar number where edited out. The combination of ASOS Brand and exclusive collaborations with brands leads to c.60 of ASOS product only being available to customers through the ASOS sites an additional point of differentiation. Building on last years launch ASOS is accelerating its activewear offering with football and golf ranges now accompanying a greater choice of true sports performance wear including gym run and yoga. The ASOS 4505 activewear range will launch in 2018 along with range extensions into snow and surf. Last month ASOS relaunched Face Body which establishes ASOS as a destination for all things face body skin and hair. Initial reaction has been very positive in a market that is predicted to be worth 450bn p.a. globally by 2020. ASOSs longstanding Fashion with Integrity initiative encompasses nine principal aspects of ethical trading. This initiative is ambitious and is driving behaviour across the business. This covers fundamental human rights and ASOS has published a statement on modern slavery become a signatory to the UNs Womens Empowerment Principles and recently signed a global framework agreement with IndustriALL the worlds largest trade union organisation representing 50 million workers in the retail sector. Publication of ASOSs full factory list for the first time also improved transparency of the supply chain. Fashion with Integrity ultimately aims to ensure that the production of our products minimise negative impact on the environment. ASOS joined the Sustainable Apparel Coalition giving ASOS insights CEOS OPERATIONAL REVIEW ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 21 into environmental management systems across water and chemical management. The Group reached 70 full traceability across the viscose supply chain allowing ASOS to identify risk hotspots associated with certain viscose producers. ASOS signed the Cotton Communique with the Clarence House International Sustainability Unit committing to 100 sustainably sourced cotton by 2025 and are on track to hit a sustainable cotton target of 70 for 2017. ASOS also signed the Commitment to a Circular Fashion System Global Fashion Agenda Copenhagen to support in the transition to a circular business. ASOS views its commitment to Fashion with Integrity as a critical investment in the future of the business. Our twentysomething customers care deeply about ethical and environmental issues as does ASOS.