As the Group rapidly increased its European business it acquired 288900 new customers FY16 190000 and 80600 customers came back to us to place at least one followup order. Average order value in FY17 was 124 up from 116 in FY16 and 109 in FY15. Top European markets Country Estimated market size m Germany 1194 France 863 UK 749 Italy 578 Netherlands 202 Austria 181 Spain 166 Switzerland 142 Sweden 107 Norway 83 Total size 4265 Gear4music database 1.36m 37 Distribution centres 08 Gear4music Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 BUSINESS MODEL Gear4music is about making quality music gear more accessible and affordable for all musicians. We believe we can achieve this by leveraging technology to deliver an industryleading customer experience providing the products our customers want delivered to them quickly and efficiently. Our specialist market knowledge has already helped us to become the largest retailer in the UK and we are making excellent progress in Europe. A bespoke ecommerce platform allows us to efficiently operate 19 websites and as we develop this platform further widen our product ranges and increase our marketing reach and brand recognition we strongly believe we can continue to grow our share of the 4.3bn European market and expand our reach beyond this. Buy Ownbrand products sourced and developed over the last 14 years with Far East manufacturers Other wellknown brands are purchased direct from manufacturers and distributors in the UK Sweden and Germany 22strong specialist buying team FY16 15 Our products At the year end we had over 37000 products listed from over 710 manufacturers. Branded products Gear4music has developed longterm partnerships with many wellrecognised brands within the music products industry who rely on the specialist product knowledge of Gear4musics staff the high standard of customer service that Gear4music provides and the high standard of presentation both online and at the Gear4music showrooms. Ownbrand products Ongoing development of Gear4musics ownbrand product range has been a focus since Gear4music.com was launched in 2003 and now covers a wide and varied range with over 2400 product listed. Merchandise Over 38000 SKUs at June 2017 June 16 33000 19 websites 15 languages Original website content written by inhouse content team Inhouse photography studios Broadcast standard inhouse video production facilities The Gear4music product listing team added 5000 new products in the year to the Gear4music websites taking the total to 37112 at 28 February 2017 and to over 38000 in June 2017. Our bespoke ecommerce platform enables us to efficiently operate 19 websites in 15 languages and eight currencies rapidly respond to changing customer behaviours and expectations and allows us to expand into new geographical territories. 09 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Retail Targeted online marketing Personalised remarketing platform Competitive pricing in eight currencies 150 payment options offered across Europe UK consumer finance Multilingual customer advice and support team Extended warranties VIP loyalty scheme Multiple distribution centre capability System now capable of efficiently managing all aspects of running multiple distribution locations Automatically selects best fulfilment location for every customer order Enhanced shopping basket and checkout Improved part order and split order handling Improved billing and delivery address management Upgraded credit card risk management Personalisation platform Rich and responsive transactional emails for registrations orders and review requests Timelinebased analysis of historical sales data provides weighted purchase predictions and personalised recommendations by email Our service We believe that achieving a very high degree of customer satisfaction is fundamental to sustained longterm growth and we are committed to continually improving the service experienced by our customers. We leverage our technology and empower our specialist staff to ensure key touch points deliver a marketleading experience and monitor our progress carefully using independent sources such as Trustpilot. Deliver 135000 square feet in York UK 38000 square feet in Stockholm Sweden 72000 square feet in Mulheim Germany Efficient inhouse logistics with courier integration Wide range of domestic delivery options including Saturday and Sunday Dispatch to over 190 countries Fulfilment and logistics Weekend dispatch and sevenday delivery Traffic shaping for increased capacity Courier specific dispatch cutoff times Click and collect services from over 2500 locations Delivery Reliable delivery with competitive pricing is fundamental to our proposition and success. Our ecommerce platform is configured to select the most costeffective delivery options from 13 different delivery service providers to provide our customers with a classleading range of delivery options. 10 Gear4music Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Our strategic priorities Overview Progress Achievements INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION We continue to develop and improve our customer proposition in each of the territories we operate. Well achieve this by localising our websites to drive traffic and improve conversion expanding our multilingual customer service and marketing teams and where the business case supports it by opening small distribution centres to improve delivery options and cut delivery times. We have launched our European distribution network with the opening of distribution centres in Sweden and Germany to improve our local customer proposition in terms of delivery timescales and costs and to enable local buying in Swedish Krona and Euros. We have enabled delivery to another 150 countries to identify potential opportunities to increase our international presence outside of Europe. Once opportunities have been identified and validated marketspecific websites will be launched. 124 growth in international revenue to 21.3m Opened two distribution centres Launched international shipping ACCELERATED DEVELOPMENT OF THE BESPOKE ECOMMERCE PLATFORM Our websites are driven by a bespoke and proprietary ecommerce platform designed to maximise opportunities and deliver competitive advantage. It has the capacity to handle significantly increased volumes and the capability to expand into new markets. The acquisition of our software development team completed on 1 January 2017. Bringing software development inhouse helps deliver the future costeffective investment in platform development required to grow revenues and profitability.