We have led our sector in a number of outstanding deals reflecting the quality of our portfolio. Just a couple of weeks after the EU referendum we exchanged on the sale of Debenhams flagship store on Oxford Street for 400 million on terms agreed before the vote. And in March 2017 together with our JV partners John Gildersleeve NonExecutive Chairman British Land was awarded the UKs highest accolade for business success for economic social and environmental achievements over ve years. The Queens Award for Enterprise 4 British Land Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report CHAIRMANS STATEMENT 1 1.3m sq ft of lettings across our Retail portfolio 11 ahead of ERV Attracting new occupiers upsizing existing retailers and increasing leisure and food beverage. Continued outperformance of footfall and sales growth benchmarks. 2 Progressed 1m sq ft of lettings across our Office portfolio 279000 sq ft of lettings completed with over 700000 sq ft under offer or in advanced negotiations this includes 140000 sq ft of lettings at 7 Clarges Street and 4 Kingdom Street shortly after completion on terms ahead of prereferendum ERVs. 3 Exchanged 1.5bn of asset sales 9 ahead of valuation Including our 50 interest in The Leadenhall Building for 575m the 400m disposal of Debenhams Oxford Street and 226m of superstores reducing superstore weighting in the portfolio to 4. 4 Progressing our development pipeline with 2.3m sq ft of planning consents secured and a further 1.3m sq ft submitted Includes planning secured at Eden Walk Blossom Street and 23 Finsbury Avenue and submissions for Meadowhall Leisure and 1 Triton Square. 5 Established our Bright Lights skills and employment programme for our suppliers occupiers and local communities Includes 70 placements on our Starting Out in Retail programme with 75 moving into long term employment. 1.7 apprentices in our tier 1 supply chain pilot study as we work towards our 2020 target of 3. Oxford Properties we exchanged contracts for the sale of The Leadenhall Building for a headline price of 1.15 billion the most expensive building ever sold in the City of London. Weve also had good letting activity over the year solid evidence that our properties are delivering what our customers want. As a result our portfolio is virtually full at 98. In a changing world sustainable places are becoming increasingly sought after and continue to create value as they are both resilient and well positioned to respond to changing customer needs. We are proactively designing new buildings with a focus on health wellbeing and productivity of the consumers and employees who will use those buildings. In addition initiatives to deliver our Local Charter make positive local contributions and help our places become part of their local communities. As the Governments Minimum Energy Efficiency Standards have the potential to affect property values our awardwinning efficiency programme has positioned our portfolio well and we have become a partner of RE100 committed to using 100 electricity from renewable sources. Our target for 3 of our UK supplier workforce to be apprentices by 2020 also aligns with Government ambitions and our Supply Chain Charter supported our first Modern Slavery Act Disclosure. We continue to be recognised for our leading stance on sustainability issues following our 2016 Queens Award for Enterprise Sustainable Development. Our industryleading energy and carbon reductions resulted in British Land being named European Sector Leader in the 2016 Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark for the third year running and winning the CIBSE Test of Time Award 2017. We have cut energy intensity by 35 and carbon intensity by 44 across our portfolio since 2009 as we make strong progress towards our challenging 55 reduction target by 2020. Details of the changes to our Board and Committees during the year and since the year end are set out in the governance reports which begin on page 60. John Gildersleeve NonExecutive Chairman For the Chairmans governance review see pages 60 to 66. Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark 2016 European sector leader for retailoffices listed 5 British Land Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Highlights of the year Our results reflect the significant demand from both occupiers and investors for the places we create Underlying Profit growth 1 7 .4 to 390m 2016 363m Valuation movement 1 1.4 0.4 reduction in EPRA NAV per share 1 to 915p 2016 919p Customer satisfaction 1 8.110 2016 7.910 Community programme beneficiaries 35600 including jobseekers apprentices and schoolchildren 2016 29500 1 Please see the Glossary for definitions. We have delivered good results despite challenges in our markets following the EU referendum. Our markets were stronger than many anticipated and our strategy which positions us to benefit from long term trends is delivering. Rising consumer expectations the blurring of work and leisure time and the transforming impact of technology are the key themes shaping demand for our space. Nearly one year after the EU referendum we see clear signs that the impact of these trends is accelerating driving polarisation in our markets. Our leasing performance has been good contributing to strong earnings growth we have intensified our focus on where our placemaking expertise can enhance value attracting a broader range of occupiers and we have sold well providing the capital to exploit opportunities we have within our portfolio. Our strategy is to differentiate our space by providing places which reflect peoples changing lifestyles. We use our placemaking expertise to create great environments both inside and outside our buildings creating Places People Prefer. This underpins our focus on our multilet retail properties and our London campuses which are increasingly mixed use. Investment markets were weaker in the first half reflecting uncertainty both before and after the EU referendum but improved in the second half as the UK economy proved resilient. Overall our EPRA net asset value was down just 0.4 to 915 pence per share.