As leaders in our core markets we will continue to innovate and demonstrate our value for money proposition. Bob Holt Chairman While it has been a challenging year I am pleased to report a year of operational progress and that the Group is very well positioned to benefit as our core markets continue to develop. During the year Housing and Care have been at the top of the political agenda and we believe our differentiated offering has never been more relevant. The events seen in the wider outsourcing sector have been frustrating where companyspecific issues have been perceived to have wider sector implications. We have over recent months needed to remind stakeholders of how Mears is different from the competition. Mears is a very simple business. Our focus has always been on a single service user namely the individual in their home. Whilst the end service users are at the centre of our business model the services themselves are primarily funded by the public sector. The benefit of having this narrow focus is that we understand our markets we understand the challenges faced by our clients and we are well placed to provide innovative solutions to address those challenges. We have a strict and continuing discipline when bidding new contract opportunities we are highly selective and we never change our bidding model to meet a shortterm growth aspiration. This has been most evident recently where we have seen a lower rate than normal in the conversion of new contract opportunities. However I remain extremely confident in the quality of our tender submissions. We have missed some opportunities on price having scored well on all the quality measures. We are very confident that our conversion rate over the medium term will continue to be in line with our historical norms. We will continue to take a longterm approach to how we run the business reflected in the wellestablished leadership team that thoroughly understands the strategy and operational workings of the business. As leaders in our core markets we will continue to innovate and demonstrate our value for money proposition. Our strategic priorities are the building blocks of our business See them on page 16 Summary We have a strict and continuing discipline when bidding new contract opportunities. We remain highly selective and we will never change our bidding model to meet any shortterm growth aspiration. We have reassessed how we guide our investors and city analysts. We will set our expectations for the next twelve months in line with our firm and probable order book providing updates to those expectations when new orders are secured. The Board remains confident in the future opportunities and consequently it expects to continue following a progressive dividend policy. I was delighted to see exceptional response rates in our Say what you see survey across our 12000 employees which showed continued improvement from the already good levels achieved in 2016. We are looking to appoint an employee director to the Board to ensure that the Board gets full open and honest insight and views from its workforce on how strategic initiatives are being implemented. Strategic report 04 Mears Group PLC Annual report and accounts 2017 Our values Customers and communities We value our customers and communities putting the needs of our customers at the heart of what we do. Working together We value teamwork supporting each other sharing ideas and never excluding others. Personal responsibility We value personal responsibility setting and achieving consistently high standards in our work and our conduct and never adopting a negative attitude. Innovative thinking We value innovation being inventive in our approach and never allowing conventional thinking or bureaucracy to get in the way. 2 3 4 I am satisfied with the financial performance for the year to 31 December 2017 but I am also mindful that our financial results were short of our aspirations at the start of the year. While our focus is on sustainable growth in the medium to long term I understand the importance of delivering against our financial targets in the short term too. The tragic events of Grenfell Tower and the resulting impact on our Housing revenues could not have been anticipated. Group revenue was 900.2m 2016 940.1m. Our second half revenues of 429.4m 2016 473.9m showed a significant reduction versus those delivered in the first half of 470.8m 2016 466.2m reflecting the delays in the timing of our planned workload as clients attentions was diverted towards ensuring that their housing portfolios were safe and fully compliant. We supported our clients in postponing this planned work knowing that it will return once they have confirmed their housing is fully compliant. The revenue reduction together with the associated impact upon overhead recovery saw Group profit before tax and before acquired intangible amortisation reduce by 7 to 37.1m 2016 40.1m and a margin of 4.1 2016 4.3. Normalised diluted earnings mirrored the profit reduction decreasing by 8 to 28.05p 2016 30.36p. Our performance by operating division is discussed in greater detail in the Review of operations. The Group reacted quickly to the reduction in Housing revenues. Whilst the reduction is expected to be temporary given the contractual nature of the work it has prompted the Group to carry out a more detailed review of its operational and central support structures to ensure that they deliver the best value. This is particularly relevant given the evolution towards a broader service offering with a changing support requirement. The Board expects annual savings in excess of 5m to be delivered in the 2018 financial year. The order book is 2.6 billion 2016 3.1 billion reflecting the quiet period of new contract awards. Previously Mears has reported secured revenue as a key performance metric.