While there is a price cap of 1500MWh there are plans in place for this to be raised to 3000 initially and then to 6000 per MWh. This cost must either be absorbed by suppliers or passed on to the consumer but we may be able to benefit from such spikes. Despite Ofgems decision our returns are still anticipated to be at or above our base case projections. Any loss of Triad income is expected to be offset by firmer prices in the balancing markets as National Grid seeks to physically balance the grid and the market for flexible power as suppliers seek to balance their retail power books and mitigate energy price volatility. The outcome of DEFRAs consultation on lower emissions limits was delayed by the general election until just recently but we are confident of being able to comply with the proposed new rules without any material impact on investor returns. The proposed outcomes in relation to the transposition into UK law of the Medium Combustion Plant Directive MCPD will require us to fit selective catalytic reduction SCR or other measures to reduce the NOx from our green fuel fleet but the cost of this is manageable. We continue to monitor and be involved in the consultation process. 08 PLUTUS POWERGEN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 National Grid launched a review in June of all markets which seeks to make the balancing markets in which we compete more dynamic and closer to realtime. Over the next 18 months National Grid plans to rationalise the number of markets they operate for balancing and also be more transparent with the data and the way that they balance. They also want to make the markets more real time a day ahead FFR market and STOR and an inday trading market around frequency response. They are consulting about shifting the market away from auctions to a traded market to trade capacity in the same way as the market trades electrons. These changes will cement the role of local reliable flexible generation in the UK energy mix. Notwithstanding this uncertainty and likely changes to the way that value will be distributed in the market the fundamental drivers remain the same. Insufficient base load power generation capacity is being installed. No large gas power stations are being built and still no nuclear yet demand for energy is increasing and becoming more reliant on renewable sources to meet it. The proposed withdrawal of new petrol and diesel cars from the roads by 2040 will further increase demand for power for charging electric vehicles. A key indicator of the importance of flexible generation is that energy suppliers are finding ever more inventive ways to access that capacity. These solutions range from innovative procurement arrangements through to coinvestment. Additionally some suppliers are starting to develop innovative solutions such as using existing energy market contracts to hypothecate or match up demand and supply so consumers can be more certain of the price in a highly volatile market. This is a good thing for big power consumers or local communities that are a little off grid or can organise to capitalise on such opportunities but the net effect is that the remaining market may become even more volatile resulting in further separation between the energy rich and energy poor. OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGY Our original objective was to have 200MW of generating capacity within three years. By the end of this calendar year we will have 120MW installed and operational and the remaining three renewable diesel sites operational in time for next winter. This means we will have achieved 180MW of renewable diesel sites or 90 of our target after four years through some very challenging times from a regulatory and financing perspective. Our most significant strategic shift is our decision to diversify into gas powered engines. We started this process in the new year and now have 80MW of projects in planning and a further 120MW in the preplanning stage. This means that we are aiming for around 200MW of gasfired generation over the next two to three years and we continue develop our overall pipeline of 700MW further. There are several factors that favour gas for use in flexible generation More hours of running Lower levels of pollution in terms of NOx CO 2 and CO and SOx Negligible soot and particulate emissions and no smoke or odour in exhaust gases Similar levels of efficiency as green fuel engines Greater reliability allowing higher maintenance intervals and thus reducing costs as well as waste oil Reduced noise and vibration The ability to operate on a wide range of gaseous fuels from mains gas and LNG through to digester gas derived from the anaerobic digestion of sewage and other organic wastes. Each gas powered site which will take approximately eight months to construct is anticipated to generate an EBITDA of up to 3m per year when Capacity Mechanism payments commence. OVERVIEW GOVERNANCE STRATEGIC REPORT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 09 PLUTUS POWERGEN PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Chief Executives Review continued With gas engines the economics are such that they are able to run merchant to take advantage of peak prices as well as assist suppliers in managing volatility in their retail power books. Looking back over history peak energy prices suggest these facilities would need to run in the range of 12001400 hours per year. Since volatility drives peak energy prices these numbers may well increase. We are beginning to look at hybrid technologies whereby both the gas and green fuel sites would be fitted with a storage or exhaustible capability such as batteries. Combining firm and exhaustible generation on the same site allows us to compete in more realtime markets which is the strategic direction in which National Grid is consulting to implement these markets.