The revaluation of the Companys Convertible Bond provided a credit of 3.0m 2016 0.5m. Recurring administration costs were marginally higher at 10.8m 2016 10.7m. Performance related awards were substantially lower at 6.9m 2016 13.3m with National Insurance on these awards of 0.7m 2016 2.1m. These results allow the Board to continue its progressive dividend policy and to recommend to Shareholders a final dividend of 6.20p which together with the interim dividend of 2.40p paid in December 2016 takes the total dividend for the year to 8.60p 2016 8.17p an overall increase of 5.3. PERFORMANCE We measure our performance at both portfolio and Company level seeking to outperform the relevant sector indices and our peer group in the medium and long term. EPRA earnings per share fell from 17.1p to 0.5p reflecting growing net rental income offset by reduced development profits. On a likeforlike basis the investment portfolio increased by 5.2 4.5 including sales and purchases. Sales during the year offset this growth in values contributing to an overall reduction in the portfolio value to 1205m 2016 1240m. The unleveraged return of our property portfolio as measured by IPD was 9.4 2016 21.7 compared to 4.4 2016 11.4 for the benchmark index. These investment gains contributed to an increase in EPRA net asset value per share up 3.7 to 473p 2016 456p. FINANCE The Company has expanded its activities significantly in recent years seeking to increase shareholder funds through the generation and retention of increased net rental streams development profits and valuation surpluses. This growth has been financed through an increase in secured debt borrowed primarily from UK high street banks and since 2013 through the use of unsecured debt in the form of a Retail Bond and a Convertible Bond. In assessing the needs of the business the Company is conscious that it needs to manage any risks inherent in this leveraged approach to growing the business. It seeks to do this through the use of unsecured debt 24 of total debt by maintaining an appropriate debt maturity profile and by hedging its interest rate exposure. The Company uses gearing on a tactical basis throughout the property cycle being raised to accentuate property performance when property returns are judged to materially outperform the cost of debt and lowered when seeking to reduce exposure to the property cycle. At 31 March 2017 the Companys seethrough loan to value LTV being the ratio of seethrough net borrowings to the value of the seethrough property portfolio was 51. This metric has varied between 45 and 55 in the last five years and subsequent to the year end has fallen below 50 following the recent sales of properties in Cardiff and Great Yarmouth. Looking forward the Company will seek to operate within an LTV range of 4050 for the foreseeable future subject to being able to maximise opportunities in the market whilst remaining aware of the risks of higher levels of gearing. During the year the average debt maturity reduced to 3.6 years 2016 4.5 years with no secured loan repayable before November 2019 whilst marginally increasing the average cost of debt at 4.3 2016 4.2. The Company has a significant level of liquidity with cash and unutilised bank facilities of 267m 2016 193m to fund capital works on its portfolio. BOARD MATTERS In July 2016 I became CEO of Helical plc succeeding Michael Slade who became the Companys NonExecutive Chairman. The Board also consists of three Executive Directors and five Independent NonExecutive Directors. Our Executive team has an average of over 19 years experience at Helical and are supported by a strong team of property and finance professionals and administrative staff. THE FUTURE Helical has a dynamic portfolio with good upside potential through a combination of development refurbishment and significant asset management opportunities. We believe our concentration on offices and mixed use assets in London offices in Manchester and well located logistics units will provide capital growth from development gains and rising income streams. We have ambition to continue to grow the Company and have actively sought to add to our development pipeline with exciting new schemes particularly in London. Rebalancing the portfolio through the sale of noncore assets enables us to recycle some of the capital we have created in recent years and fully pursue those opportunities that we have identified. GERALD KAYE Chief Executive 25 May 2017 GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION STRATEGIC REPORT HELICAL PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 17 OUR STRATEGY London for capital growth and development profits. Manchester offices for capital growth asset management and income. Logistics for income and liquidity. Locate sites where complexity presents opportunity to add significant value through innovative development and asset management. Maximise income through attracting a diverse and financially robust portfolio of tenants. Continue a culture that is committed to the highest standards in Health Safety. Improve the communities in which we are active and ensure sustainability underpins our approach. LTV target 4050. Use of equity lean structures to maximise returns. Strong banking relationships for quick access to finance at competitive pricing. Build cash reserves to weather current climate and take advantage of opportunities as they arise. HELICALS STRA TEGY Small core team supported by valued advisors to allow scalability. Clear plan for succession. Use our network of contacts to attract the best opportunities then deliver quickly and to a high standard. Strong relationships and a reputation which generates off market opportunities. Work with joint venture partners to increase project scale and to manage risk. PORTFOLIO Manage a balanced portfolio with clear market focus combining assets with significant development and asset management potential with high yielding property for income.