Steve has extensive experience of Strategic Report the digital media business services and FMCG sectors in both the UK and overseas markets. Most recently Steve was CFO of EDC Communications a private equity backed group of digital media agencies. Previously he held senior finance roles at Vendia UK Ltd Uniq PLC Caradon PLC and The Gillette Company. Nonexecutive Director Helen Keays is to step down from the Board and from her role as Chair of the Remuneration Committee on 6 June 2018 due to other commitments. We thank Helen for her significant contribution since 2014. Our attention now turns to finding her replacement and we will update investors in due course. DAVID GILBERTSON Chairman 8 March 2018 Strategic Report 10 Communisis plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 We operate at scale and to the highest standards. Our clients trust the products we deliver the services we provide and the solutions we develop. END TO END CAPABILITY CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Enterprise content management including Inbound. Customer communication management. Professional services. Security communications. Creative and agency services. Film. BRAND DEPLOYMENT Creative services. Creative production. Brand and shopper strategy. Procurement. Campaign management. Warehousing fulfilment logistics. Installation and analytics. INVESTMENT Technology strategic partners Hewlett Packard Pitney Bowes Noosh Quadient GMC. Capital investment running at a rate of between 5m and 6m each year predominantly softwaretechnology. eUCN unique cheque numbering developed as a Communisis proprietary patented service to combat cheque fraud. PEOPLE PRODUCT BUSINESS MODEL WHY CLIENTS CHOOSE COMMUNISIS We quantify the value we create for our clients and are specific about what differentiates us from our competitors be that our people products processes or performance. We recruit retain and develop the very best talent in our industry. We attract great people and invest in them to deliver exceptional results. EXPERIENCE 50 change management professionals with 500 combined years of business transformation and transition experience. Successfully managed 31 TUPE transfers in total. Of these six have been in the last five years and involved onboarding 800 new employees. Favoured employer in our industry in the UK with more sector professionals than any competitor. CIPS Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply Advance standard a leading level held by fewer than 20 organisations globally. QUALIFICATIONS 80 of our senior managers are degree or masters qualified and accredited by recognised professional bodies. DIVERSITY Presence in 20 countries with 22 languages spoken across our teams and over 150 professionals based in our European network. Committed to Equality accredited business for five years. Strategic Report 11 Communisis plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 PERFORMANCE PROCESS Process is the foundation of repeatable outputs and consistent performance absolute necessities as far as our clients are concerned. So not only do we hold ourselves to account we seek and maintain accreditation wherever relevant and value adding. MANAGING RISK Accredited to 11 different ISO or industry standards. Full disaster recoverybusiness continuity plans in place we conducted 55 client specific end to end tests and trained 200 employees in the last year. Interoperable locations European network ensuring continuity of service. Strong risk management framework to ensure we support our clients to communicate within regulation. Corporate governance Communisis is a PLC listed on the London Stock Exchange. TECHNICAL CAPABILITY State of the art resilience delivered through tier 3 and 4 data centres. End to end governance process supports seamless integration between our own IT and third party solutions. TRANSITIONAL CAPABILITY Customer Experience 52 large 72 medium and 104 small projects managed over the last 12 months with total project budgets of 21m. Brand Deployment 10 panEuropean contracts transferred into the business in the last five years and a further 20 into single markets delivering savings of 48m for our clients. The performance of our business units is meticulously tracked and we are always looking for ways to improve them. That means investment in technology to make our business even better. SCALE Customer Experience UK sites producing each day 4 million mail packs and 3.4 million encoded documents mail sorting 1.2 million items and processing 95 thousand inbound cases. Brand Deployment manage marketing execution for our clients through 700 fully approved suppliers. Leverage from European print spend. INTEGRITY Accuracy 0.71 recorded nonconformances per million units despatched. Delivery industryleading 99.4 SLA performance. Tracking every personalised communication is tracked through our business from composition to despatch. CLIENT RETENTION Fiveyear average contract term and 90 retention rate. Strategic Report 12 Communisis plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 STRONG TRADING IN 2017 MARKET TRENDS The UK financial services industry remains the primary market for our Customer Experience division. Our clients and prospects within this market continue to see lower headline growth due to saturation and are therefore primarily focused on retention of market share and enriching their customer relationships. The continued migration to digital channels improving customer experience and emphasis on quality of customer communications are central to this and our solutions and services are well placed to fulfil client needs. Within the insurance market organisations are more focused on gaining market share over retention and are proactively acquiring the capability to shift to channels of customer preference. Digital channels are therefore preferred and communications are typically complex and highly personalised. The utilities sector again is typified by lower headline growth but customer habits are changing and moving more digital to take personal control of consumption and respond to environmental concerns. Demand for specialist content marketing capability such as that provided by our Editions Financial business is strong in the UK and US. Experience during 2017 suggests that high quality content delivered by genuine sector specialists is being favoured by chief marketing officers to enable brands to speak with authority. Within the international FMCG market the challenge for most brand owners in 2017 was the fluctuation of currency and how this has affected the repatriation of Euros or Pounds to Dollars typically.