They have an ongoing communication objective that is twofold first to ensure that they and their teams clearly understand the key elements of our Prepare phase and second that their teams are clear on what their role is in support of executing this phase. We still have a lot to do but the foundations we have built are very solid and the progress we are making is very encouraging. Our teams are energised and focused moving forward with confidence and trust in the future of McBride. I sincerely hope that you too share our trust. With best regards Rik De Vos Chief Executive Officer 11 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Strategic progress Investing for growth The Prepare phase is a period of bridging from where McBride was and to where we aspire to be moving the Company from Repair to Grow. Earlier this year we confirmed that the bulk of our first Repair phase of the Manufacturing our Future strategy had concluded and in June we completed the final two actions namely the implementation of a tax strategy review and the successful refinancing of the Group. Our Prepare phase encompasses four objectives This signalled our transition to the second phase the Prepare phase of our strategy and to launch the significant projects that are crucial to delivering this phase and preparing us for growth. 3. 4. The Commercial Strategy To create clarity on the segments the markets and the products we want to sell and through which channels we want to sell The Asset Strategy To develop the asset blueprint to support our existing cost and technology leadership investing appropriately to strengthen or develop this leadership further The Organisational Strategy To build and develop the organisational structure and skills to deliver the building blocks of the Prepare phase and as a result the capability to implement the strategic elements of our Grow phase Addressing Underperforming Businesses To develop and implement the value improvement plans for our underperforming businesses more specifically our Personal Care and Aerosols activities Prepare 1. 2. 12 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic progress continued Our strategy The Commercial Strategy An indepth market analysis has been undertaken and tested against our product and technology platforms. This has allowed us to identify and prioritise areas of growth either as a result of their specific market dynamics or due to our existing or future technology andor cost leadership. Three sources of growth have been identified Organic market share we have defined those product categories where we can outgrow the market providing we offer the technology cost position and capacity required to supply varying channels and geographic markets we have a strong position in certain categories such as auto dishwash and laundry capsules which are showing growth above market average and where our cost technology and capacity leadership allows us to accelerate our growth even further categories where growth is in line with market averages but our existing or future cost position will allow us to outgrow the market. These include areas such as wash up liquids and fabric conditioner and we manufacture in certain categories such as bleach or scouring creams which provide no market growth potential as these are fully commoditised but our strong product position and market presence allow us to gain market share through focused market actions. Channel development our market approach will be to develop further the different channels to market. We distinguish these as Traditional Retail Limited Assortment Discounters and Contract Manufacturing with online platforms starting to develop and gain momentum. Although we observe some convergence between the different supply models we still need to optimise our product offering and supply chain capabilities to serve these different channels. Acquisitions the third element in our growth strategy is acquisition opportunities. Since we have now moved out of the Repair phase and established clarity around our growth platforms we have identified the key requirements which will drive any acquisition consideration and decision. We are now actively considering a number of potential opportunities. The Asset Strategy To deliver our Grow ambitions it is crucial that we align our asset footprint and production capabilities to the commercial ambition in two key areas an alignment of our future technology needs and the associated capacity required to meet the identified market opportunities and the optimisation of our asset configuration based on expected geographical needs and developments. This work has been completed with related investment planning and supporting work programmes now established. To date the results of which have led to the optimisation and finalisation of the first phase investments in Middleton and Estaimpuis see case study on page 15 together with a full upgrade of our facilities in Strelzce see case study on page 16. The investments in all three sites are intentionally aligned to identified market opportunities namely liquids in Middleton capsules in Estaimpuis and servicing the discounter opportunities in Germany and Eastern Europe. Additionally a workstream to further optimise our warehousing and distribution network is also under way. During the past financial year the Group approved capital projects totalling approximately 30 million on track with our plans to invest 100 million over a fouryear period indicating our investment plans are now in full flow. Additionally we have made investments to strengthen our RD capability specifically within packaging to support our underlying intention to establish leading packaging development and design see case study on page 17. 1. 2. 13 McBride plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Corporate governance Financial statements Additional information Strategic report Our strategy The Organisational Strategy Integral to our success will be the organisations ability to manage and deliver upon the different programmes of work. In the past year McBride has invested substantially in the strengthening of the organisation together with the HR processes to ensure the longterm sustainability of our organisational capabilities.