UK leaving the European Union Since the UKs vote to leave the European Union the Group has continued to monitor business performance closely. Although it is still too early to assess the implications for our business and operations over the longer term we do not believe that there will be any material near term impact on demand for our products. However the weakness of Sterling against foreign currencies has persisted and has led to increasing cost pressures in the UK primarily from the direct import of components whose costs are tied to the US Dollar. Our exposure to US Dollar denominated purchases from Asia is substantially hedged for the balance of the 2018 financial year and we continue to mitigate the effect on costs by implementing price increases and product cost reductions. Following the completion of ten acquisitions since September 2012 Volution is now a more diversified and flexible business. With our proven track record of performing well in challenging trading environments and our strong balance sheet we are confident about delivering on our strategy over time. Volution Group plc Annual Report 2017 08 Strategic Report Chairmans Statement continued Peter Hill CBE Governance The Group continues to be committed to high levels of corporate governance in line with its status as a company with a premium listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Details of our processes and approach including those relating to the role and effectiveness of the Board and compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code are set out in the Governance Report on pages 50 to 57. Board As part of the Boards ongoing remit to set the right tone from the top and build its understanding of Volutions business the Board visited the Hlleforsns facility in Sweden following its visit to our German operations in 2016. It is the Boards intention to continue to visit other facilities across the Group to build its understanding of each business unit. As previously reported in August 2016 we welcomed Claire Tiney to the Board as an independent Non Executive Director. Claire has over 20 years of board level experience encompassing executive and non executive roles in blue chip retailing property development and the services sectors across the UK and Continental Europe. The Board has welcomed Claires contribution since her appointment reflecting her board experience. In June 2017 we celebrated three years as a listed company. At that time the four Non Executive Directors who were appointed at listing Tony Reading Paul Hollingworth Adrian Barden and me were re appointed as Non Executive Directors following the end of the three year term of office. Adrian Barden was initially appointed to the former holding company of the Group Windmill T opco Limited on 3 February 2012 and provided important continuity on the Board whilst the business moved from private equity ownership to a listed company. With the need to progressively refresh the Board and given that Adrian will have served just under six years on the current and pre IPO Board at the time of the 2017 Annual General Meeting he will be retiring at the AGM and will not be seeking re election from shareholders. I would like to extend my thanks to Adrian for his contributions during his tenure. To ensure an orderly succession plan the Nomination Committee has recently initiated a search for a new Non Executive Director and an announcement will be made in due course. Further information can be found in the Nomination Committee Report on pages 58 to 59. People It has been another year of growth for the Group with the addition and integration of two new businesses and the Volution team has performed well against this continued backdrop of change. Our strategy would not succeed were it not for the positive attitude and sheer hard work of our people in adapting to the constant change across the Group. Volution has a clear idea of where it is going and how to get there and we also have excellent leadership in our management teams. Our second internal Management Development Programme concluded during the year. We place considerable value on this programme which as well as helping to develop the effectiveness and scope of our people has significantly assisted in the integration of new acquisitions as our high potential managers are made to feel part of a wider group network and assist in the formation of the overall Group culture. Given its success a third programme is due to commence later in 2017. In accordance with the relevant regulations the Directors Remuneration Policy will be put to a shareholder vote at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and a number of changes have been proposed to reflect current best practice. The proposed changes are set out in the Directors Remuneration Report on pages 67 to 84. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank all our employees for their hard work commitment and contribution towards the Groups performance making this another successful year. Peter Hill CBE Chairman 10 October 2017 Strategic Report Volution Group plc Annual Report 2017 09 Chief Executive Officers Review Ronnie George Using our knowledge to create excellence in ventilation. Overview I am pleased to report another year of strong results as we continue to build on the success of the past. We completed two acquisitions in the year in line with our strategy of making selective value adding acquisitions and also successfully integrated the acquisitions made in the prior year. The acquisition of Breathing Buildings a natural and hybrid ventilation system provider to the education sector in the UK was completed in December 2016 and more recently VoltAir System a Swedish producer of heat recovery ventilation solutions for primarily the commercial new build market was completed in May 2017.