Andy Balchin is currently Chief Financial Officer of the cyber division of RUAG Holding AG a major Swiss organisation which acquired Clearswift a provider of cyber security solutions in January 2017 where he was CFO and brings significant financial experience in highgrowth software companies. He replaced Chris Errington who left the Board after serving previously as CFO and CEO. We welcome Tom Mullan to the Board as Chief Financial Officer and we look forward to working with him as we continue the successful development of the Company. He replaces Rob Grubb who has made an outstanding contribution to the Groups development over the last nine years and who leaves with our very best wishes. Shareholder value Our share price has continued to experience a degree of volatility in the year which is common for the small cap market but it is pleasing to note that the overall upward trend persists. Earnings per share increased to 6.5 pence on an adjusted and diluted basis 2016 4.7 pence. In light of the Companys increasing profitability and strong cash reserves I am pleased to confirm that the Company will be commencing the payment of a progressive dividend. In respect of financial year 2017 the Board is proposing a final dividend of 0.5 pence per share for shareholder approval at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The Gresham organisation and its employees are fully aligned to growing profitable revenue from Clareti sales globally. I remain confident that our investments in sales marketing and client success provide the platform to deliver shareholder value from our ongoing investments. In summary With our continued investment in the Clareti portfolio and sales and marketing expansion I anticipate further improvement in our market position as we respond to the growing demand for transparency and integrity over risk and financial data processing. 2017 has been a very successful year for the Group which of course is made up of a great many team and individual successes. This is a testament to the hard work expertise and professionalism of the Gresham team. I would like to thank the management and staff for their continued support and resolve to achieve success in our pursuit of market leadership in realtime transaction control and enterprise data integrity. Ken Archer NonExecutive Chairman 12 March 2018 Gresham Technologies plc Annual Financial Report 2017 06 Strategic Report CEOs statement With Clareti sales now generating more than half of all Group sales and with the Group now generating surplus cash for the first time in many years we are confident our strategy is on track and certain about our ability to deliver sustainable longterm profitable growth for our shareholders. Strong profitable growth Ian Manocha Dear shareholder I am pleased to report another year of strong profitable growth for the Group driven by the continued success of the Clareti business. In 2017 Clareti revenue growth was underpinned by high quality new customer wins in UK Western Europe the United States and Canada. It is pleasing to see wins in all our target geographic markets particularly in North America and in continental Europe following recent investments into local sales offices. New customer wins were represented across our targeted industry segments including asset managers hedge funds sell side banks and brokerages insurance broking and our second win into the energy and commodities sector. A total of 15 new clients were won and with growth from existing accounts during the year high levels of customer retention and the addition of annuities acquired with C24 we exited the year with a strong base of recurring revenues. With the addition of related consulting and managed services the Clareti business now accounts for more than half of all Group revenues and our dependency on legacy revenues continues to reduce. Our Australian business saw a strong year of revenue growth with a deepening relationship with one of the regions leading banks. Our legacy business remained stable during the year with some changes in the mix as we proactively manage the portfolio to optimise returns. During the year we also strengthened our organisation with the addition of many excellent new hires. We have appointed regional sales leaders in both North America and in Europe and have hired additional staff in direct sales partner sales and presales. We have brought our first fulltime HR leader into the business and we have scaled up resources in key technical disciplines such as software development project management and consulting. The continued investment in sales and marketing product and delivery resources has been achieved whilst maintaining margins and improving earnings. Financial year 2017 reflects yet another strong performance from a motivated global team and a further year of excellent progress for the Group which is transforming into one of the UKs most exciting listed financial technology companies. Gresham Technologies plc Annual Financial Report 2017 07 Strategic Report Outlook We started 2018 with the Clareti annuity stream up 24 yearonyear and in the first quarter of 2018 so far we have signed a further insurance broking business for CTC a Clareti Adapter sale and several professional services engagements for delivery of software contracts won in late 2017. We will continue to focus our direct sales effort in the UK Europe and North America and we are building partner relationships with major system integrators and consulting houses. In Asia Pacific we will continue to expand our work directly with key accounts in Australia and Singapore and we will look to resellers to provide a channel into other local markets. CTC is expected to drive the majority of new wins with ClaretiasaService providing incremental hosting and managed service revenues. Clareti Analytics and Clareti Adapters are expected to provide upsell opportunity and we also expect to see revenue growing within the installed base. We will look for opportunity to broaden the appeal of our Clareti ARM offering with new capabilities.