And we continue to invest in and expand our pipeline of innovative Hematology programs. While we are proud of our accomplishments in 2017 we also acknowledge that we need to work even harder on improving shareholder value throughout 2018. Despite these challenges Shire performed very well financially in 2017 delivering 8 pro forma product sales growth to 14.4 billion an increase of over 1 billion. We also improved our operating margin and operating cash flow of 4.3 billion which enabled us to reach our debt target. Employees and culture I would like to thank Shire employees and the Board of Directors who has provided invaluable guidance for the organization. Weve grown from fewer than 6000 employees to more than 23000 and everyone continues to focus on our mission to serve the needs of patients. The accomplishments achieved in 2017 are incredible and I look forward to an equally impressive 2018. Q1 Q2 8 Shire Annual Report 2017 The appointments of Thomas Dittrich as CFO and Andreas Busch PhD as Head of RD and CSO are announced European approval for label extension of FIRAZYR for symptomatic treatment of acute HAE attacks in paediatric patients is received U.S. FDA Orphan Drug Designation is received for gene therapy candidate SHP654 for treatment of hemophilia A Topline results for SHP609 are announced showing Phase 23 clinical trial in children with Hunter syndrome and cognitive impairment did not meet its primary endpoint OnePath patient portal and mobile application are launched EU Marketing Authorization is recommended by CHMP for ADYNOVI for adults and adolescents with hemophilia A U.S. FDA clearance is received for myPKFiT for ADVATE to help personalize care for hemophilia A Positive CHMP opinion is received in Europe for new formulation of ONCASPAR for patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia ALL Submission is filed with U.S. FDA for approval of new plasma manufacturing facility near Covington Georgia Investigational New Drug Application is submitted to U.S. FDA for gene therapy candidate SHP654 for treatment of hemophilia A Licensing agreement is entered into with Novimmune S.A. for bispecific antibody to expand Shires monoclonal antibody research platform It is announced that Jeff Poulton will step down as CFO at end of 2017 Joanne Cordeiro is appointed Chief Human Resources Officer and a member of the Executive Committee Collaboration with MicroHealth is launched to address unique needs of hemophilia patients with inhibitors MYDAYIS is launched in the U.S. Lifitegrast Marketing Authorization Application for treatment of dry eye disease is submitted in Europe Positive topline results for INTUNIV in Phase 3 clinical trial in adults with ADHD are released SHP616 is shown to significantly reduce HAE monthly attack rate versus placebo in a Phase 3 pivotal trial U.S. FDA Fast Track Designation is received for SHP607 for prevention of chronic lung disease in extremely premature infants Outlook and summary We left 2017 stronger than weve ever been before with leadership positions in many of the therapeutic areas in which we compete. In particular we now have a leading highgrowth Immunology franchise which will be the foundation of our rare disease business as we move into 2018. Our neuroscience business will soon benefit from increased investment and focus as we look to broaden our expertise beyond ADHD. 2018 will be a year of continued focus on commercial execution and targeted investment in our manufacturing infrastructure new product launches and pipeline to drive future growth. We expect to deliver midsingle digit product sales growth in 2018 after absorbing the anticipated impact of generics. Based on current assumptions we also expect margins to be impacted by the startup of our new U.S. plasma manufacturing site intensifying genericization and lower royalties. But I remain confident that Shire will continue to build on our leadership position in both rare disease and neuroscience and we are committed to achieving our 2020 goal of 1718 billion in revenues and midforties Non GAAP EBITDA margin. I am energized and excited about Shires future as we look forward to growing our franchises especially Immunology executing on our many launches leveraging our robust international footprint in key markets such as China to expand access to our 40 marketed products and building an innovative resultsoriented patientcentric culture. I am confident that our team and our partners will continue to execute on our priorities and serve as champions for our patients. Flemming Ornskov MD MPH Chief Executive Officer Pipeline spotlight SHP643 for hereditary angioedema Read more on page 26 Commercial spotlight Launch Excellence Read more on page 28 Technology spotlight Intersection of health and technology to enable patientcentric care Read more on page 30 Franchise spotlight Immunology Read more on page 32 Q3 Q4 9 Shire Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Governance Financial statements Other information Key industry trends More focused expertise Across the biopharmaceutical industry there is an increasing emphasis on more focused scientific clinical and commercial expertise and capabilities. This is largely in response to the unique set of opportunities and challenges that companies in the sector are facing. Trends at the macro level Innovation We are in an era of unprecedented innovation driven by new scientific discoveries and supporting technologies. Academic institutions startups teaching hospitals technology companies and biopharmaceutical companies are collaborating in new ways. Advances in our knowledge of human biology and the molecular basis of disease are generating an increasingly diverse range of potential therapeutic treatments including gene therapy and cell therapy. Technological advances are amplifying our ability to capitalize on this emerging science. In particular the amount of accessible medical information has grown significantly in the past few years and many companies have begun to take advantage of this resource using data to support the diagnosis and treatment of patients. For example advanced analytical techniques are being applied to extract new insights from genetic and clinical data.