George Godber was able to join us in April and be reunited with Georgina as comanager on the fund and momentum has continued to be strong with assets at the end of May over 256m. The poor performance of active managers in general against their benchmarks in 2016 and that of many of our own managers too is reflected in the low level of performance fees we received last year which came in well below our expectations. This was though the 16th successive year of earning performance fees. Results Pretax profits fell to 20.4m from 23.6m in the prior year. Core pretax profits fell from 23.6m to 21.8m and net performance fees decreased from 3.0m to 1.2m. Adjusted diluted earnings per ordinary share fell from 22.0p to 20.4p. Our balance sheet remains strong with net assets of 70.7m 2016 75.7m including net cash of 58.5m 2016 48.8m. Strategic Report Polar Capital Holdings plc 06 Market Background Markets climb a wall of worry goes the old adage and surely that has never been truer than last year. First we had the run up to the Brexit vote in June which created a degree of uncertainty in the UK and then the vote itself which proved a surprise to many and certainly to most stock market investors. Worries over the implications for the UK economy were quickly followed by worries over the US presidential election which produced another result to confound the pollsters political commentators and most investors. The European political situation has been another area of constant worry as has been North Korea the Middle East and the South China Sea where tensions between China and many of its neighbours over rights and claims continue to simmer. Investors even had to contend with a rise in US interest rates the first increase since the financial crisis of 2008. Despite all these worries returns on major stock markets around the world proved remarkably strong and particularly so for the sterling based investor. The global economy proved itself oblivious to all the political turmoil growing steadily through calendar 2016 and through the opening months of 2017. Even Europe is showing signs of a broad based improvement in economic activity. Earnings at many companies have thus proved remarkably resilient in the face of all the political drama and with many corporates awash with cash corporate takeover activity has continued at a high level. The overall earnings outlook has been further boosted by improvement in the outlook for financials commodities and energy all important sectors that have experienced their challenges over recent years. In the UK the FTSE 100 Index returned 23.3 over the year with many of the large companies in the Index benefitting from a weak pound boosting their overseas earnings. The broader based FTSE All Share Index still managed a healthy return of 22 even though many of the smaller companies within the Index were initially most impacted by the Brexit vote and the implications for the UK economy. The strong consensus of economists and politicians and indeed many investors post the Brexit result was for an immediate and sharp slowdown in the domestic economy. The reality so far has rather confounded the consensus. Nevertheless the Brexit negotiations are an immense challenge and will create much uncertainty in the coming months and years. Outside of the UK returns around the world were also strong with the SP500 Index in the US up 17 and the NASDAQ up 23 for the Sterling investor these translated into even greater returns of 34 and 41 respectively. The EURO STOXX 50 posted a 21 return in Euros but in sterling this was nearly 31 and whilst the Japanese Topix returned a rather pedestrian 15 by comparison translated into sterling this became a heady 33. Awards A good number of our funds and fund managers received awards again this year with the Insurance fund part of our Financials team receiving a total of six awards. There were multiple awards also for our Technology and Healthcare teams as well awards for the Japan and North America teams. At a company level we received awards from Investment Week at their Specialist Awards 2016 and from International Adviser for product and service. Dividend As previously stated the Board believes that the level of dividend should reflect the Companys trading results its cash resources and also its future prospects. With the outlook improving as we enter the new financial year and supported by our very strong balance sheet the Board has decided to once again pay an uncovered dividend and to maintain the second interim dividend at 19.5p. Chairmans Statement continued Strategic Report Overview Governance Financial Statements 07 Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2017 Leadership Changes On behalf of the other Board members and the entire staff at Polar I would like to thank Tim Woolley cofounder of the business who will be standing down as Chief Executive in July for his leadership in so successfully guiding us through many challenges over the past seven and a half years. Since Tim has been CEO the Group has added eight new investment teams head count has increased from 52 to 114 and AUM has increased from 1.9bn to 12.6bn. This has been a tremendous achievement not only when considered against the back drop of seismic changes in geopolitics and regulation market crises and shifting trends in the asset management industry that have occurred during his tenure but also when one considers that growth and success have come whilst retaining the entrepreneurial collegiate and transparent environment that Polar offers its fund managers and staff. Fortunately our association will continue as Tim will be staying on as a nonexecutive member of the Board.