Michael Spencer Group Chief Executive Officer We continue to identify and provide capital to firms delivering new platforms business models and next generation technologies with the objective of driving significant efficiency transparency and scale across the transaction lifecycle. NEX Exchange has exactly the same regulatory legal and tax status as the alternative markets which we combine with a highquality service to help entrepreneurs raise capital on the public market. 201617 For the year ended 31 March 2017 the Group reported revenue from continuing operations of 543 million up 18 on the prior year. On a constant currency basis revenue from NEX Markets was up 8 and from NEX Optimisation was up 9. During the course of the year the Groups trading performance benefited from increases in market share across various products including BrokerTec UST Actives and Asian NDFs and new product launches such as triResolve Margin and new functionality on EBS Treasury. This was partly offset by historically low FX volatility impacting trading activity on the EBS FX platform. The Group reported a trading operating profit of 145 million an increase of 4 on the prior year or 12 if we exclude the impact of FX hedging. Although the Groups trading operating profit margin reduced to 27 201516 30 underlying profitability was higher after adjusting for FX hedging. Charity Day Our 24th Annual Charity Day was held in December 2016. This truly global fundraising event has become a fixed point in the financial services industry calendar. It was a delight to welcome Prince Harry as well as the Countess of Wessex and many other celebrity patrons of our selected charities to the London office. For the business model see pages 23 For Charity Day see pages 1819 For financial results see pages 2429 9 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 INNOVATIVE DELIVERY Our investment in our people and culture supports the success of our business. We build longterm relationships and are committed to the highest standards in everything we do. 10 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 EMPLOYEES BY LOCATION New Jersey China New York Hong Kong Tokyo Singapore Milan UK London 634 Bristol 42 Tel Aviv Stockholm 11 16 17 89 379 147 676 300 271 13 By region Americas and Canada 579 Asia Pacific 143 Europe Middle East and Africa 1219 1941 Employees in satellite offices 22 11 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES To support the needs of a changing market To provide bestinclass financial technology solutions What weve achieved The sale of our voice broking business has transformed us into a focused financial technology company. We have the scale financial discipline and demonstrable success of a 30year business but the mindset of a tech startup. More than 60 clients have adopted our margin management service in anticipation of the new variation margin regulations that became effective at the beginning of March 2017. Our Regulatory Reporting platform brings together a suite of services under a single umbrella to offer our clients a fully resilient crossasset and crossjurisdictional regulatory reporting solution to enable them to manage the reporting challenges of today and tomorrow. This is a key component of the various solutions we offer to enable our clients to meet the challenges of MiFID II which comes into effect on 1 January 2018. In February 2017 we enhanced our EBS Live Ultra data feed to provide spot FX data at five millisecond intervals making it the fastest FX livestreaming data feed available from a primary market venue significantly improving price discovery and increasing market transparency efficiency and liquidity. Our NEX Infinity platform will provide our clients with a single signon to one unified front end for distribution of our services aligning and simplifying onboarding operations technical support and integration across all NEX Optimisation businesses. How we deliver We promote market liquidity by providing robust trading platforms for the OTC markets for a wide range of clients and products. We provide flexible platforms and solutions which robustly integrate with our clients legacy systems. We provide our clients with a portfolio of services which optimise their risk and capital across the whole transaction lifecycle. We help our clients reduce their costs and automate their processes. What weve achieved We have invested more than 100 million to date in next generation financial technology companies that are focused on leading the transformation of market structure. As well as this years 48 million investment in ENSO and Abide Financial we have stakes in eight further portfolio companies with exposure to the fast growing areas of riskdata analytics. One recent example is Axoni which serves the worlds largest financial institutions and capital markets service providers with full stack blockchain solutions. How we deliver We retain a robust technology infrastructure. We supply marketleading electronic execution platforms to the professional trading community. We are focused on innovating and evolving the market ecology. We build next generation cloudbased technological solutions. We have created an ecosystem of products and services that span the transaction lifecycle. STRATEGIC PRIORITY STRATEGIC PRIORITY 12 NEX Group plc Annual Report 2017 Strategic report Governance and directors report Financial statements Definitions To attract and retain the best talent To grow What weve achieved On Charity Day in December 2016 our employees clients and suppliers raised 8.2 million for 200 charities around the world. We are extending the number of senior employees who will receive part of their compensation in shares rather than cash and ensuring that the Company Sharesave scheme is made available to as wide an employee base as possible across all Group businesses. We have a strong internal communications and engagement strategy to ensure that our employees understand NEX are proud to work for us and are motivated for the business to succeed. This includes regular formal and informal networking events and hackathons in addition to newsletters with articles written by employees from across the Group.