During 2016 and 2017 Spirax Sarco Korea undertook a programme to increase the sectorisation of its direct sales force. Until recently the company s sales force was divided into two teams Project Sales and EndUser Sales with some sector specialists in each team. Four new sales departments have now been created to align sales engineers with key industries T eam 1 Food Beverage Healthcare and General Industries T eam 2 Electric and Electronics T eam 3 Oil Gas and Chemicals and T eam 4 Buildings and OEMs. By the end of the year 40 of sales and service engineers were aligned to an industry sector. Maintaining customer service throughout the period of change was essential and the process required detailed planning prior to implementation. T o ensure a smooth transition industry sales and market size were analysed industrial distribution was mapped individual and collective industry knowledge and application expertise were reviewed as were relationships with key accounts and customers. Extensive training has been delivered to ensure maximum efficacy of the new sales teams. Spirax Sarco Korea is already seeing the benefits of these changes with increased sales efficiency and revenue generated from key industries. 1 Spirax Sarco Technical Consultants Sangyoon Lee and Gunsun Shin review a boiler control panel on a customer site South Korea Strategic Report SpiraxSarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 23 Recruiting talented young engineers and developing their knowledge skills and expertise is essential for the ongoing success of the Group. In 2013 we developed an award winning graduate programme in our UK Spirax Sarco Steam Specialties company which has attracted many highly talented engineers. Building on the success of that programme in 2017 we launched a Group Global Graduate Development Programme to increase the number of placements that we can offer facilitate intercompany movement and widen the range of opportunities and experiences available to programme participants. We are recruiting highcalibre graduates primarily with a STEM Science T echnology Engineering and Mathematics background to join a two year rotational programme. Each graduate will experience four sixmonth placements tailored to their individual interests and designed to provide a broad range of business experience across functions such as Product Development Manufacturing Sales Business Development Marketing or Health Safety the Environment. One of the four placements will be held in an overseas operating company ensuring first hand experience of the multinational nature of the Group. 16 graduates joined the programme in 2017 in the USA Mexico Argentina Italy Germany China and the UK. Through investing in a Global Graduate Programme we are adopting a coordinated approach to replenishing our pipeline of talent. 2 Develop the knowledge and skills of our expert sales and service teams The knowledge of our sales and service engineers is a key differentiator. We invest extensively in the professional development of our people building a level of expertise that is unrivalled by our competitors. Strategic Report Governance Report Financial Statements Corporate Information Rob Shipton Senior Trainer with graduate engineers Chola Shanyinde and Sean Spencer in the UK Steam Technology Centre Strategic Report 24 SpiraxSarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 Our strategy in action continued Broaden our global presence Our strong global infrastructure enables us to rapidly branch into neighbouring markets or leverage our existing infrastructure to pioneer the introduction of our businesses and technologies into new markets. In January 2017 WatsonMarlow Fluid T echnology Group began trading via a newly established sales company in Indonesia having previously served the country through distributors. The move to direct selling brings a better focus to this growing market increases the number of customers that can be served and conveys the company s expertise and advanced technologies into a previously untapped market. Prior to commencing trading during 2016 WatsonMarlow intensively trained a local sales force. Training took place within the region supported by WatsonMarlow s global training programme. Having sector specialist expert engineers who understand customers applications is central to WatsonMarlow s customer value proposition and is crucial for the successful transition from distributor to direct sales. During 2017 the new company primarily focused on two core markets the Pharmaceutical Biotechnology and Food Beverage industries and sales have exceeded expectations. The new operation is led by General Manager Rahmi Hidayati who prior to joining Watson Marlow had over 14 years of experience working in the Biopharmaceutical industry. Rahmi s indepth understanding of the Biopharmaceutical market has had a significant impact on the company s ability to quickly establish a foothold in this important industry. 3 Rahmi Hidayati General Manager of WatsonMarlow Indonesia Strategic Report SpiraxSarco Engineering plc Annual Report 2017 25 Chromalox is a highly innovative company with an active product pipeline and a vitality index of 15. Amongst several new products launched in 2017 was the CCX Cast Block Heater which allows Chromalox to be more competitive in the Power Generation and Oil Gas markets particularly in Europe and Russia. The unique construction of the Chromalox CCX heater which utilises an immersion heater and coiled tubing set in an aluminium casting allows for the indirect heating of fluids or gases up to pressures of 3500 psi 241bar with an option for up to 7500 psi 517 bar at a process temperature of 200C.