Peter Pritchard CEO of our Retail Division will assume responsibility for Grooming while pet insurance services transfers to Mike Iddon CFO. Louise Stonier will extend her remit to cover people in a new role as Chief People and Legal Officer. Colleagues It is a shared passion for pets that forms the special bond between our business our colleagues and our customers. I would again like to thank all our colleagues in every part of the business for their hard work and dedication in a more challenging economic environment. With the adoption of the National Living Wage we made no distinction between colleagues based on age alone and we have maintained our Earn As You Learn approach which rewards retail colleagues further as they develop their knowledge and specialism. In Grooming we saw our first apprentices complete their training and emerge as qualified stylists. And among our veterinary professionals we have launched apprenticeships for veterinary nurses with the first cohort beginning their training at Dick White Referrals. Looking forward The UK pet market has a track record of resilience in more difficult economic times. While we take nothing for granted the Board believes we have the right strategy and a strong and experienced team to lead the organisation successfully through the more uncertain period ahead. Accordingly we remain confident in the outlook for the Group. Tony DeNunzio NonExecutive Chairman 25 May 2017 As part of developing a Clinical Governance Framework for our first opinion practices it was important to me that I spend time in our practices and referral centres getting to know clinicians in all parts of the business. This was crucial to furthering my knowledge of their day to day operations and helping our Vet Group develop a framework that ensures our vets maintain complete clinical freedom whilst at the same time being able to better support them in achieving the best clinical standards. Tessa Green Independent NonExecutive Director Our NonExecutive Directors frequently spend time in the business supplementing their knowledge of our strategy operations and colleagues. Tessa Green in her role as Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility CSR and Pets Before Profit Committees has focused on furthering her knowledge of operations that have significance for the Groups ethical social and environmental impacts. During her time with Pets at Home this has included a number of visits to our first opinion vet practices and specialist referral centres as the CSR Committee worked towards developing a Clinical Governance Framework. See page 55 for further details. Governance report page 60 Board in action Strategic report Overview 17 Pets at Home Group Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We continue to operate successfully in a growing market taking share and are the only UK pet business able to deliver an integrated merchandise services and omnichannel offer. Market review 1 The UK pet market has increased its rate of growth over the past two years to a CAGR of 4.5 and was worth 6.8bn in calendar year 2016. This step forward has been driven by faster growth in the veterinary insurance and accessories segments. The veterinary market grew at a CAGR of 5.6 over this same period which is being driven by the widening availability of more complex procedures and diagnostics supported by increasing numbers of pet owners with insurance. In food strong growth in Advanced Nutrition continued at a CAGR of 8.9 balanced with a flat grocery food market where volumes are falling and pricing remains highly competitive. With the accessories market CAGR at 1.9 this led to an overall pet products market CAGR of 2.1. The transition of the market to online has been consistent with our expectations accelerating slightly compared with historical rates reaching 11 of the pet market in 2016. Over the two year period from 2014 to 2016 we have taken share across the pet market both online and offline. Overall we have grown our share of the important strategic categories including Advanced Nutrition accessories and veterinary. From 20142016 our total share of the pet products market increased from 19 to 20 and in the primary opinion veterinary market from 9 to 12. Expanding likeforlike growth Better value for customers In the Merchandise business our focus is on delivering even better value for our customers. Value includes price but also innovation service and advice. The strong sales of dog accessories this year are continuing proof that our range innovation drives a positive customer response. And to improve further on our service to customers we are refocusing our Steps training programme to ensure more colleagues can develop their expertise at a faster rate in more specialist areas. We also understand there is a need to provide better pricing to customers. This will involve a move away from promotional offers and vouchers and towards a simpler more competitive approach. We therefore initiated pricing changes in the fourth quarter with the Switch Save campaign which highlights the value in our private label foods Wainwrights and AVA. The prices on our large bag private label dog foods are now 1525 lower. Initial results from the campaign have been encouraging and since its launch in January 2017 we have seen an average 50 uplift in the volume of products that have seen a price change. We have also seen an increase in new shoppers alongside the switching of existing customers from branded foods into our own labels. In the current financial year we have launched price reductions across a number of everyday pet essentials and are also starting to reposition prices in branded foods. Whilst it is early days we are encouraged by the improvement in the run rate of Merchandise LFL to 1.0 2 in the 16 weeks from the start of our price repositioning actions. Fast growth and embedded upside in our veterinary business Our Vet Group continues to go from strength to strength transacting more than 260m in total customer revenues during the financial year.