Following on from the Company s growth in profitability the Board is recommending a final dividend of 1.53c per share 2016 1.30c representing an increase of 17.7 on the same period in the previous year which gives a total dividend per share for the year of 2.92c an increase of 32 2016 2.22c. Looking forward the Company remains well positioned to take advantage of operating within the most powerful economy in Europe and benefit from the strong occupier and investor demand across all subsections of the German real estate market. This will allow us to deliver attractive riskadjusted returns for our shareholders whilst continuing to grow the business. Neil Sachdev Nonexecutive Chairman 23 June 2017 10 Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report QA with the CEO Current year performance What have been the key drivers of the record trading performance in the financial year The strong trading result reflects the continued success of the valueadd business model of the Company and the asset management techniques that we use. The profit improvements that we have seen this year have come from three main areas acquisitions organic net income growth and further improvements to our banking terms. Our acquisitions have not only made a strong impact when acquired but we have quickly been able to improve the income that they generate which has led to valuation improvements as well In the financial year ended 31 March 2016 we acquired 82.7 million of assets with a further 103.3 million completing in or shortly after the financial year under review with a combined EPRA net initial yield of 8.1 and vacancy of 30. From an organic growth perspective one of the main drivers has been the capex investment programme which continues to progress well. Our new lettings renewals and service charge initiatives are also producing good results and we have seen a further 2.8 increase in the likeforlike rent roll for properties held throughout the reporting period despite operating in a low inflationary environment. Total occupancy has remained fairly stable because we have been acquiring vacancy through our acquisitions but this will fuel our capex investment programme which will provide further organic growth into the future. We have continued to take advantage of the favourable financing markets by refinancing two loan facilities during the year which reduced our annual interest charge by 1.8 million. This along with the full impact of the refinancings from the previous financial year had a significant impact on this years results. Opportunities going forward Where do you see value being created looking ahead into the current financial year and beyond The start of the new financial year will be mainly about the asset recycling programme following the completed disposal of 96.0 million of assets and the notarisation for sale of another 7.0 million asset. The replacement of these has begun well with 27.4 million of acquisition assets completed and a further 49.9 million notarised for completion since the year end. We will continue to seek a mix of stable income and valueadd opportunity within the assets we acquire and given the strength of our operating platform we feel confident of taking advantage of the opportunities within both the existing portfolio and the acquired assets in the year ahead and beyond. Our capex investment programme will continue to play a large part in exploiting these opportunities and the acquisitions that we have made certainly helped in this regard. We have already identified over 43000sqm for investment and transformation on the assets acquired in the year under review and more will come from the assets acquired and notarised post year end. Following our disposals we have and continue to acquire assets with significant vacancy and hence opportunity whilst replacing most of the income lost from the mature and noncore assets which were sold. Whilst the initial impact of the recycling programme will be to reduce income in the year ahead while the CEOs QA Moving forward ... The strong trading result reflects the continued success of the valueadd business model of the Company and the asset management techniques that we use. 11 Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 disposal proceeds are reinvested the impact from the valueadd opportunities within the assets acquired will be much greater for shareholders in the years thereafter. Macroeconomic How are German market dynamics changing and how well positioned is Sirius to take advantage The German economy continues to be the largest in Europe and continues to be regarded as a favourable market in which to invest. A combination of low unemployment monetary policy and the availability of lowcost debt has fuelled private and corporate spending. The real estate sector itself continues to feel the impact of these economic tailwinds with transaction volumes up and pricing across all subsectors of the real estate market reaching levels not seen for some time. Sirius has seen some of this yield shift feeding into its valuations but we still believe there is more to come before the levels that we are seeing in the market are reached. This robust economic environment has also translated into high occupational demand particularly from the SME sector which is a key element of the Group s tenant base. Continued economic growth as forecasted by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD is good news for the SME market which remains of crucial importance for the German economy as a whole. Sirius has benefited from a long track record of being able to meet the continually changing space requirements of these SMEs and expects this to continue going forward. Financing Describe your approach to financing and managing interest rate risk.