Given TTs financial performance strategic progress and growth prospects for the business the Board is recommending increasing the final dividend to 4.05 pence per share. This when combined with the interim dividend of 1.75 pence per share gives an increased total dividend of 5.8 pence per share for the full year 2016 5.6 pence per share. Looking forward TT is now a different business. Our strategic focus combined with our increased financial capacity to invest in our proven strategy will position TT well to capitalise on the proliferation of electronics in our markets. The Board is confident of strong progress in 2018. Neil Carson Chairman 7 March 2018 2017 was a pivotal year for TT with the disposal of the Transportation division. We have put ourselves in a strong position to realise TTs potential and drive growth and value for shareholders. Improving ROIC Targeted complementary acquisitions Progressive dividend policy Organic growth ahead of the market Cash conversion of 80 RD investment to support growth Operating margin progression 05 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TT Electronics plc www.ttelectronics.com Strategic report Financial statements Governance and Directors report Additional information Chief Executives strategic review A year of portfolio transformation and strong profitable growth Richard Tyson Chief Executive Officer 2017 was a significant year for TT with strong revenue and profit growth ahead of expectations. In October we transformed the portfolio with the disposal of the Transportation Sensing and Control Transportation division for 123.2 million realising value for the turnaround of the business and return to profit. We now have increased financial capacity and management time to continue to invest in and grow the business. Our enhanced position will allow us to accelerate our strategy to build leading positions in areas of the market where there are structural growth drivers and the proliferation of electronics is driving demand for our products. Strategic progress In 2017 we successfully transformed the portfolio while delivering strong organic profitable growth Portfolio transformation With the disposal of the Transportation division TT is becoming a higher margin higher quality business with increased financial capacity to accelerate growth through capital investments and acquisitions. Strong organic profitable growth Favourable market conditions combined with a strong sales performance have driven strong growth and margin improvement in the continuing business with organic growth in all three divisions. Portfolio transformation In October we completed the disposal of the Transportation division realising value for the turnaround of the business and return to profit. Under strong leadership the Transportation division made significant progress turnedaround and returned to profit refocused RD efforts on sensing and control for safety fuel efficiency and emission control achieved sales success in faster growing geographies and broadened its customer base. The strategic progress that we had achieved enabled us to realise the value for the business earlier than anticipated. The net proceeds on the disposal originally estimated in the circular at 100.7 million are now expected to total 111.0 million with the increase as a result of normal working capital adjustments together with a substantially lower expected tax burden. Following the disposal we restructured our remaining divisions to improve our routes to market and better serve our customers to support future growth. 2017 performance 2017 was a pivotal year for TT. Following the disposal of the Transportation division TT is becoming a higher margin higher quality business with good cash conversion. Business performance was excellent and we delivered organic growth from all three divisions. Our strategy to focus on areas of the market where our industry expertise and RD investment create strong and differentiated capabilities is delivering results driving growth and margin improvement. 06 TT Electronics plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 www.ttelectronics.com 2017 was a pivotal year for TT. We are delighted with both the strong trading performance and the disposal of the Transportation division. How would you describe the performance of the business in 2017 I am delighted with the performance of the Group in 2017. All three divisions delivered organic growth underlying profit before tax grew by more than 25 and our cash conversion was excellent. Following on from a strong business performance in 2016 the excellent business performance in 2017 was delivered in a year when we also transformed our portfolio. How significant was the disposal of the Transportation division to your strategy The disposal of the Transportation division has transformed TT. We were able to realise the value for the turnaround of the division ahead of expectations. We were pleased with the value achieved and as a result have increased financial capacity to invest in the remaining business which will accelerate our progress. Why have you chosen to focus on three of your previous strategic priorities for 2018 Given the progress and financial performance of the Group we are taking an opportunity to put even more effort and resources behind new product development business development and continuing our good work with operational excellence. We intend to develop more valueadded solutions developing more custom assemblies and products further up the value chain in response to customer demand. We will couple this with extra support for our customer facing teams including training and development for our business development function. In parallel we will continue our efforts on BE Lean which is well embedded within our organisation and improving the efficiency of our operations. QA 07 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 TT Electronics plc www.ttelectronics.com Strategic report Financial statements Governance and Directors report Additional information Chief Executives strategic review continued Group revenue for 2017 was 360.0 million 2016 332.7 million an increase of 8 per cent and 5 per cent excluding the 9.3 million benefit from foreign exchange. Our strong sales performance and improved market demand have contributed to good growth this year. The focus on operational excellence has enabled us to increase capacity and maintain lead times resulting in market share gains in our current sensing circuit protection and signal conditioning product lines.