The learning and knowledge from owning these businesses will create a platform that we believe will create a valuable proprietary asset that can be leveraged to bring our technology to PPE markets on a global basis. In the domestic market we launched our new low cost domestic washing machine design the XDrum TM to wide acclaim at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January 2018. We also unveiled our proprietary microparticle filtration solution the XFiltra TM which radically reduces the microplastic pollution produced by the washing of synthetic garments. Our objective in doing so was to start meaningful discussions with major OEMs which are now underway. 07 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Chairmans statement The Xeros machines water and power savings will provide our department with longterm savings. I am most impressed with the customer service at Xeros they truly value their customers. Xeros will continue to revolutionize the way we clean firefighter gear. They are committed to the health and safety of firefighters. Battalion Chief Frank Orefice Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue VA 08 Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Xeros Technology Group plc We have established that our technologies can deliver these benefits in three worldscale industries cleaning tanning and textiles. We are now progressively commercialising applications in these sectors to generate profitable returns leveraging our intellectual property and knowhow with low capital requirements. Mark Nichols Chief Executive Officer Strategic review Xeros develops polymer based technologies which radically improve the sustainability performance and economics of water intensive processes dramatically reducing water chemistry energy and effluent whilst either meeting or exceeding the conventional quality standards for the materials being processed. We have established that our technologies can deliver these benefits in three worldscale industries cleaning tanning and textiles. We are now progressively commercialising applications in these sectors to generate profitable returns leveraging our intellectual property and knowhow with low capital requirements. Given the scale of the markets in which we operate our strategy is to commercialise our technology with partners who already have strong international market positions and who also demonstrate a strategic intent to deliver increased levels of sustainability. The disruptive nature of our technology enables the creation of new high valueadded business models and revenue streams. Where necessary we enter markets ourselves to prove out our propositions so that our prospective partners benefit from materially lower risk profiles when they join us in the commercialisation process. In order to accelerate the adoption of our technology we have increased and aligned our resources to each of the application areas that we are pursuing with the vast majority being applied to those with nearer term profitability. Commercialisation is in progress in our Cleaning Technologies business with Hotel Lodging and High Performance Workwear business units generating revenue of 2.0m and 0.2m respectively. We are targeting Tanning Technologies to deliver its first revenues in 2018 with Textile Technologies revenues in 2019 once scale trials have been completed. Having proven the scale and the quantum of the economic improvements of many of our applications we are now organised to generate revenues where the time horizons for generating significant income from our investments are increasingly in the near term. In December we raised 25m before fees in an oversubscribed placing to accelerate the commercialisation of our application portfolio and to achieve specific commercial milestones in each of our businesses thereby giving a clear line of sight to monetisation of our intellectual property portfolio. The Group expects to raise further funds in 2018 for the execution of specific commercialisation strategies. Chief Executive Officers review 09 Xeros Technology Group plc Report for the period ending 31 December 2017 Operating review Cleaning Technologies High Performance Workwear Having extensively trialled our technology in the high added value Personal Protective Equipment PPE market during 2017 we entered this market with the acquisition of Marken PPE Restorations operations in Nevada in July 2017. Turnover for the five months ended December 2017 totalled 0.2m. This was an initial step in our aim to create a nationwide network which will enable us to serve the US firefighter market. We have since acquired our second and third sites in Atlanta and Miami through the acquisition of the trade and assets of Gloves Inc. in March 2018 and are targeting to open two more by the end of the current year. Our target is to have a total of five sites by the end of 2018 with full national coverage of the US achieved by the end of 2019. The US firefighter PPE market is a specialist market for the cleaning inspection and repair of uniforms and is valued at approximately 330m p.a. With 1.1m firefighters in the US there are 350000 professional firefighters based in approximately 8000 fire crews. Nearly 40 of these professional firefighters are based within 100 miles of one of the top 10 major US metropolitan areas. Each professional firefighter has on average two sets of bespoke turnout gear. Once our network in the US is completed we believe we will create a valuable proprietary asset which can be leveraged to bring our technology to PPE markets on a global basis. The PPE market spans many additional subsegments including petrochemicals mining military and transportation many of which are becoming increasingly aware of the adverse and potentially dangerous effects of incorrectly or insufficiently cleaned workwear. In the transportation sector we increased the footprint of machines in France cleaning the PPE of SNCFs workers to six by the end of December 2017. The ability of Xeros technology to significantly outperform conventional cleaning technologies coupled with major cost savings from extending the life of expensive PPE garments puts Xeros in a unique position to create high added value for our customers and our shareholders. Domestic Laundry During 2017 we developed a new solution called the XDrum TM to simply and inexpensively incorporate Xeros cleaning technology inside a domestic washing machine.