Find out more in our Financial Review on pages 18 to 21 Our new strategy Upon completion of the review we identified three key strategic priorities Delever the Group Repair the Tool Hire business and Strengthen the Groups commercial proposition. Overview of my first year I was honoured to be asked to lead HSS Hire. It is a business with a strong brand and leading positions in its chosen markets across the UK and Ireland. Having worked in the industry for many years I have always admired HSS so when the opportunity arose to lead this fantastic organisation it was an opportunity not to be missed. I arrived at a challenging time for the Group and it was evident that a lot of work needed to be done. In some areas within the business we were experiencing reduced margins the new distribution network had led to lower rental revenue growth and there was a loss of focus on our Tool Hire business. Repairing each of these areas will take time and we must continue to remain focused on the task in hand as we implement changes across the Group and our business evolves. Notwithstanding these challenges I continue to strongly believe that there remains huge potential at HSS. Over the past few months I have spent a lot of time with different parts of the business and have been incredibly impressed by the motivation achievements and commitment of HSS people across our Group. Our wide ranging strategic review During the year we engaged an independent third party to work with the HSS management team to undertake the most extensive Strategic Review of the business to date. The review was wide ranging in scope and involved the analysis of 20 million contract lines more than Delever During 2017 we took a number of cost reduction actions which resulted in us delivering annualised savings of 13m compared with the Q1 FY17 runrate. This was achieved through working with our suppliers to reduce costs reducing our central headcount closing 55 branches and network efficiencies. The Strategic Review announced in December 2017 outlined initiatives to reduce costs by a further 10m14m on an annualised basis including up to 10m related to changes in the supply chain model. We were therefore pleased to announce in February 2018 that agreement had been finalised to make these changes enabling c.11m of cost benefit 1m higher than the amounts originally communicated. The changes are expected to give rise to a net cash outflow of approximately 3m in 2018 followed by net cash savings of approximately 8m annually over the following seven years. Last but not least we will drive further efficiencies across the business through eliminating duplication in some areas and simplifying our processes. This should generate savings of between 3m4m. Full implementation of each of these cost saving initiatives will take time and is not going to happen overnight however we have a clear plan in place and are focused on executing these changes in order to reduce the leverage of our business. 1 2 3 HSS Hire Group plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategic Report Corporate Governance Financial Statements Additional Information Strategic Report Chief Executive Officers Strategic Review continued Repair Three key areas to repair the Tool Hire business were identified customer product and branch. Customer Taking customer first we have identified several areas where we can work with our customers to look at ways in which we can improve the customer experience that we are able to offer them. We want to improve our utilisation rates and ensure that we are always in a position to fulfil the needs and requirements of each and every one of our customers. Product On occasions highly valuable products have been commoditypriced with certain customers. There has also been inconsistent pricing within product categories and we have seen circumstances where the stock profile does not match the profit opportunity. A lot of work has been done to introduce smart pricing to reflect asset utilisation and service and we are looking at improving discount effectiveness and rationalising ranges as well as ensuring that we optimise our fleet size. Branch We closed a number of branches over the last year or so and now feel that our network is of a size which is flexible and that we are comfortable with. It is a network which can be adapted and modified accordingly as we remain ever vigilant to market conditions. However when we look at the branches there is a variety of differing performance across the business which needs to be resolved. We are therefore looking at a number of areas where we can improve to ensure that all our branches are contributing as efficiently and effectively as they possibly can. Strengthen The third and final strategic priority is to strengthen the Groups commercial proposition. The actions being taken here are around customer segmentation geographic focus and sales channel development. Taking customer segmentation first customers have different needs and therefore we have to respond in different ways. We have to ensure that the products we can offer are relevant for those customer segments. For geographic focus we know the areas where driving initiatives will be much more advantageous for us. Our target areas have been identified and we have begun working through these and will continue to do so over the medium to long term. Further progress has also been made on developing our sales channels with investment having been made to improve our digital capabilities. This will help to enhance and improve the proposition and customer experience that we are able to offer. Our market The size of our addressable market for tool hire powered access and power generation hire in the UK is in the region of 1.9bn.