This would be on broadly similar terms to the sale of the 61 equity interest. During 201617 we made progress with our rate cases in the US securing agreements in Massachusetts New York City and Long Island. The New York agreements include provision to phase the impact on consumer bills over time to help manage the increase in costs. Our ability to make new investments in our US networks means we can continue our work to ensure a clean sustainable energy supply for our customers. In December we began the transmission of electricity to Rhode Island from the Block Island wind farm the first offshore wind generation in the US. You can read more about our US investments on pages 2627. In the UK Ofgem concluded its midperiod review of the RIIO price control for Gas and Electricity Transmission giving us certainty over our core revenues for the remaining RIIO period. Also this year we issued a joint statement with BEIS and Ofgem about the enhanced role and greater separation of the Electricity System Operator ESO function. While the proposals are subject to consultation we support the principle of greater separation of the ESO role within National Grid. We believe it is the most effective way to balance the interests of consumers with the need to maintain security of supply in a fair and competitive energy market. We look forward to working with the regulator and our stakeholders to deliver the best possible outcome for UK consumers. The outcome of the UK referendum on EU membership has challenged all businesses to consider the impact Brexit will have on their operations. We continue to work positively with both UK and EU legislators to maintain access to crossborder services so we are able to ensure the UKs security of supply and the interests of energy consumers. We welcome the opportunity the UK Governments Green Paper Building our Industrial Strategy provides to contribute to the industrial development of the UK. We believe secure lowcarbon and affordable energy underpins the success of all the UKs industries. We welcome the commitment to investing in the skills and education needed to encourage future innovation in energy systems. We have brought together our Other Activities which mainly comprise businesses that are adjacent to our core regulated operations to create a new division with its own leadership. It will be called National Grid Ventures and its objectives are to focus on the development of new growth opportunities and strengthening our commercial and partnership capabilities for the future. A recent example of this is our partnership with US solar supplier Sunrun which we announced in January. I would like to welcome Badar Khan to my leadership team as Group Director Corporate Development and National Grid Ventures. You can read more about the developments in our UK US and other businesses on pages 2429. Our purpose vision and strategy Throughout this years Annual Report and Accounts we describe our performance for 201617 against our current strategy. However as Sir Peter has described there is much change taking place in our operating environment. The shift to a lowcarbon economy is gathering pace in both the UK and US. Globally investment in coalpowered generation is falling and renewables have now overtaken coal as the worlds largest source of installed power capacity. This year for the first time we saw periods where no coalfired power stations generated electricity in the UK. In the US investment in solar battery storage and energy efficiency continues apace. With such change happening all around us we can not stand still. Thats why we have developed our thinking on National Grids purpose vision and strategic direction. Our purpose which sets out why we exist and what we bring to our customers and wider society is simple we bring energy to life. This means getting the heat light and power that customers rely on to their homes and businesses and supporting the communities that we are a part of. Our vision is to exceed the expectations of our customers shareholders and communities today and make possible the energy systems of tomorrow. How we perform individually and as an organisation is guided by this single ambition. So what does this all mean for our strategy Our strategic focus is predicated on our customers. As a responsible purposeled organisation we must put into sharper focus the customers to whom we deliver their needs and priorities must come first. And by making decisions that consider our customers interests we will be able to deliver sustainable performance over the long term. Therefore we are focused on three specific areas. Firstly we are finding new ways of optimising our operational performance so we can maximise value from our businesses. And as we improve performance it increases our efficiency and ultimately benefits the customer by improving affordability. Secondly we are seeking opportunities to drive asset growth by investing in our core regulated assets where we see strong potential. This investment is needed to deliver asset health network expansion and modernisation. We expect the current levels of spend to continue over the medium term. And thirdly we are making further changes to make sure National Grid is better equipped for the future. As I described earlier we have created National Grid Ventures which will focus on developing new growth opportunities and strengthening our commercial and partnership capabilities for the future. You can read more about our purpose vision and strategy on page 8. Our people Our performance is dependent on the commitment and achievements of our people. As Chief Executive its been a privilege to meet many of our employees across the organisation and see how they deliver for their customers their communities and each other. Thats why I am pleased to report that our annual employee engagement score has risen to 77 from 73.