Reported results were impacted by the reduction in our stake of Euromoney to c.49 in December 2016 whereupon it became an associate for the final nine months of the financial year. Pro forma reported revenue adjusting for the Euromoney transaction increased by 3 reflecting the benefit of the stronger US dollar versus the British pound. The Groups pro forma operating profit was up 2 with an operating profit margin of 12. Group adjusted profit before tax and earnings per share were down 13 and 1 respectively although up by 4 and 7 on a pro forma basis and the recommended dividend per share was up 3. The Board remains committed to delivering dividend growth in excess of inflation consistent with our dividend policy. 11 Daily Mail and General Trust plc Annual Report 2017 Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Secondly we have been encouraged by continued strong growth from MailOnline where revenues reached 119 million up an underlying 20. The performance was driven by its growing global audience content and distribution partnerships with global platforms Google Facebook and Snapchat and strong performance in programmatic advertising in the US and UK. The increased scale of the business combined with a deep focus on operational efficiencies resulted in MailOnline moving into operating profit during the final quarter of the financial year. Finally in the EdTech sector Hobsons made good progress on strengthening its high growth Student Success solutions for US High School and College students following a refocusing and restructuring of the business. In particular the modernisation of the Naviance platform to improve customer experience is progressing well and will continue to be a core focus of Hobsons activity this coming year. Looking forward we are optimistic about the future growth prospects for its Naviance Intersect and Starfish products. Increasing portfolio focus By increasing our portfolio focus DMGT is seeing the benefits of a more streamlined structure. In FY 2017 we began a major strategic review working through every business in the portfolio to understand its potential growth and returns and the resources required to achieve this. The first significant step in delivering increased portfolio focus was the reduction in our stake in Euromoney in December 2016 to c.49. This was followed by the disposal of Elite Daily and closure of 7 Days in the Consumer Media sector. Within EdTech we split the Hobsons business into the faster growing Student Success and the more mature Admissions and Solutions businesses to enable a distinct approach to managing the two parts. Both the Admissions and Solutions businesses were disposed of in September and October 2017 respectively. The disposal of EDR the US Property Information business is currently underway and will further sharpen DMGTs focus. Delivering against clear strategic priorities CEO Review A clear strategy and bold vision for the future We have defined a new strategic vision for DMGT entitled Intelligent Insights. Consumer Connections. Due to the Groups strengths and capabilities across B2B and Consumer Media DMGT has a competitive advantage from two important converging trends across these sectors. Firstly in B2B sectors customers increasingly expect to have the same quality of user interface as they do with consumer products. Secondly the most successful consumer products are built on robust use of data and analytics to gain insight. The agility speed to market user engagement and audience understanding demonstrated by MailOnline can be applied within our B2B businesses. The advanced analytics and resilient and secure technology required in our B2B sectors can be applied to Consumer Media digital businesses. DMGTs strategy will be focused on seeking opportunities either through organic initiatives or acquisition which can exploit the converging trends across the B2B and Consumer Media sectors. Read more in our Operating Reviews pages 16 to 24 Intelligent simplicity Deep understanding intuitive solutions Continuous evolution Advanced analytics constant refinement Speed and agility Timely insights fasttomarket products High value content great user experience Capture attention and keep it Community enabled Physical connections enriched digitally B2B Proprietary data Advanced analytics Integrated with processes Scaleable and reliable Consumer Addictive content Personalised and responsive Accessible everywhere Intuitive experience 12 Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements Shareholder Information Strategic Report Enhancing financial flexibility Through our improved operational execution and increased portfolio focus we have achieved a stronger balance sheet. At the year end net debt was 464 million with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4 times the lowest it has been in over 20 years as a result of disposal proceeds and continuing healthy cash generation. We now have more flexibility to invest behind our businesses both organically and via acquisition to support longterm growth and value creation. In pursuing a balanced capital allocation approach we remain committed to increasing shareholder returns through sustainable real dividend growth. Strategy update A new strategic vision has been defined based on the convergence of trends within B2B and Consumer Media and the strong position that DMGT is in given the breadth of expertise across the Group. We have begun to execute on the Performance Improvement Programme which will deliver results against our three key strategic priorities. Building on the solid foundations established through recent operational initiatives DMGTs performance and execution will be improved through upgrading businesses technology sales force effectiveness and pricing capabilities. The increasing focus of the portfolio will be driven by the Groups strengths notably where the convergence of B2B and Consumer Media gives DMGT a competitive advantage. DMGT will also ensure it has the financial flexibility to pursue opportunities as they arise notably to build scale in those sectors that can deliver focused growth. Outlook We have started the new financial year with our businesses performing in line with our expectations. FY 2018 will be an important year of transition for DMGT as we continue to lay the necessary groundwork for the future.