Set an operating rhythm to increase the operational rigour and breed a culture of success. I am pleased to report clear progress has been made against each of these priorities and a firm commitment has been made to invest in our people systems and products so we can deliver better experiences for our customers and accelerate growth. Strategic Review and evolution of our strategy At the start of the year we undertook a thorough and detailed review of the business which included reviews by product geography structures systems sales marketing IT and finance. The outputs of this review unveiled in May 2017 resulted in an Headline profit before tax 31.6m Mark Shashoua Chief Executive Officer TAG oneoff investment 20.0m evolved strategy and the introduction of a three year TAG programme. At our strategy update in May our new vision for the Group was announced To create the worlds leading portfolio of contentdriven mustattend events delivering an outstanding experience and ROI for our customers. By putting exhibitors and visitors at the heart of everything we do we plan to drive sustainable growth for our shareholders. ITE strives to run the best shows and offer the best service to its customers throughout the world regardless of location. The Groups focus on a product led strategy will see ITE focus on events that are market leading or have a clear path to become number one in their sector. To deliver our vision TAG is being implemented across the Group and comprises three pillars Create a scalable platform to generate real organic growth Actively managing our portfolio and Make selective productled acquisitions. As part of our TAG programme we are investing up to 20m across the next three years which underpinned by a performanceled culture will accelerate organic revenue growth as follows Create a scalable platform Transformational levers and TAG investment will be spread across five areas to Create best practice functions and teams Deliver bestinclass processes implemented globally across the Group greater efficiency via standardised processes a more structured and accountable leadership and a globally consistent ITE way driving efficiency and greater attendee experience. Invest in show operations Enhance customer retention and exhibitor reach obtain enriched data insights and improve operational efficiency. Build capability and talent Attract and retain talent develop internal capabilities and establish the right capabilities to drive business and adapt to market changes. Drive a performance culture Create a valuesdriven organisation that encourages high performance and rewards success and talent building a winning team with an aspirational culture. Build and maintain fit for purpose IT infrastructure and systems Create a global IT function and infrastructure that can support the requirements of a flexible mobile and highly effective workforce that operates globally but delivers locally and supports and enables a One ITE way of working. As part of creating a scalable platform as a result of the above the Group will move decisively from being a decentralised geographically structured business to one that is more centralised and product led with strong regional platforms. The evolution of customer expectations implies that every local market now expects events of a truly international quality. Global multinationals are starting to choose one events company that will cater for them globally rather than a variety in different markets and the trend is towards a onestop shop that is able to deliver a consistently high standard of service everywhere. Early progress with implementing the strategy has been good the framework for the TAG programme has been finalised based around the five areas noted above. The governance for the programme has been set the TAG programme team created and heads of best practice have been recruited. Having focussed our early efforts on sales and marketing initiatives in order to drive trading performance I am pleased to report we have started to see tangible evidence of progress. Financial statements Governance Strategic report 08 ITE Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 ITE Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 08 ITE Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 09 ITE Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic report Chief Executive Officers Statement continued Transformational lever 2017 progress 2018 milestones Create best practice functions and teams New onsite rebooking strategy launched Design of the ITE way Complete design of the ITE way Begin implementing the ITE way Invest in show operations Setup of Central customer success team Setup of dedicated Central content team Setup of Regional customer success team Setup of dedicated Regional content team Implementation of valuebased pricing methods Rollout of show blueprint New show content deployed Build capability and talent Governance framework in place Recruitment of key Central organisational roles Rollout of dedicated specific training programmes Recruitment of key Regional organisational roles Drive a performance culture New sales incentive scheme launched Review of performance structure Development of sales leadership Standardisation of performance management Build and maintain fit for purpose IT infrastructure and systems Rollout of new hardware underway Systems design and development in progress Launch of integrated sales and marketing systems Completion of systems design and development Systems deployed in phased waves Actively manage the portfolio The Group will continue to implement a more rigorous approach to allocation of capital. Having deliberately segmented its business into Core and NonCore this development is enabling management to increase its focus on events that present the greatest opportunities whilst reducing distraction from smaller events. The Core shows are of strategic importance to our future and include the Groups largest shows those with the greatest potential for growth and a number of smaller but strategically important shows. The NonCore shows consist of smaller shows with less potential for growth. As part of the Groups strategy a top priority remains to apply a full suite of transformational levers to its Core events to realise their full potential. This includes investing in content to drive great customer experience retention and pricing.