It was also very pleasing to see improved scores in areas such as customer service flexible working training benefits package and how employees feel that our cultural principles make Taylor Wimpey a better place to work which were clear areas of focus following the 2015 survey. Looking ahead the areas of focus for the forthcoming period are how we can continue to improve our collaboration how we can work together more effectively and how we ensure employees have the tools and resources they need to do their job. Building on our approach to communication we produced a short video clip as well as a paper based report for all employees summarising the 2017 results which was well received. We continue to maintain our active employee consultation committees in our regional business units and communicate with employees via our half yearly Teamtalk employee magazine and regular Teamtalk Express email newsletter. Our intranet includes a wide range of employee information from human resources policies to advice for employees on sustainable living. It also includes an Open Door forum that puts employees directly in touch with our Chief Executive. During 2017 building on the employee voice initiatives considered by the Government we established a National Employee Forum the NEF. Chaired by Tim Betts Divisional Managing Director the first NEF meeting took place in October 2017 with topics discussed including customer service and business attire. With a minimum of two meetings anticipated annually it remains the intention that the Chairman and the Remuneration Committee Chairman will attend the NEF from time to time and also seek feedback on specific topics via the Group Legal Director and Company Secretary or other Group Management Team members as appropriate. The Company is committed to ensuring open and regular communication throughout the Group on both businessrelated issues and items of general interest. There is a formal Employee Consultation Committee structure in place in all operations and elected representatives meet with management to consult on appropriate issues. Intranet systems are continually updated which provide a valuable communication tool across the Group and an important facility for providing employees with access to a wide range of information. Information is regularly cascaded throughout the Group via email including regular communications from the Chief Executive and via verbal briefings and management presentations. The Companys internal magazine provides a further communication option. We have also utilised social media to inform our employees of developments around the Company and to invite their feedback on them. Our employees have enthusiastically engaged with this new internal communication channel and we have seen an increase in the sharing of best practice employees interacting in a wider business sense and the spread of knowledge around the Group. Around half of our employees now post and engage on a regular basis and usage and membership is growing steadily. During 2017 we also saw the launch of our first elearning modules which can be accessed via any PC laptop tablet or mobile phone. Forming part of our induction process for new employees the four modules provide useful information in an engaging and interactive format in the following areas Welcome to Taylor Wimpey this elearning module navigates users around the company tells them what our business is about and gives an overview of the different functions. This is particularly useful for employees who enter the business from a nonhousebuilding background. The role of a PLC this module informs users about the different elements of what it means to be a fully listed public limited company PLC the rules and processes around this and the corporate governance we must adhere to. It also provides an overview of shareholder and board responsibilities. Diversity and Inclusivity these two modules one for all employees and one specifically for line managers help users understand in more detail our commitment to building a more diverse and inclusive workforce as well as the roles and responsibilities they have in supporting our commitments. 95 taylorwimpey.co.uk Directors Report Governance The Modern Slavery Act the Modern Slavery Act aims to tackle slavery in the UK and came into effect in March 2015. The module outlines Taylor Wimpeys commitment to tackling modern slavery and how all employees can play their part. We are also raising awareness more generally around Data Protection and the new GDPR regime. Whilst they do form part of our induction for new employees in view of the useful content we also made these available to existing employees. In addition as we continue to focus on retaining our employees during increasing challenges across the Industry such as skill shortages we embarked on a series of business unit roadshows during 2017. The focus is to communicate and raise awareness of benefits offered as part of our total reward offer. Where necessary we have tailored the presentations to suit local requirements and audiences. Continuous development of our career sites look and feel as well as its performance is key to how we appeal to and engage with potential candidates. Throughout the year we have looked to add more content links and videos to increase engagement and application conversions. This year we saw an overall increase in visits and a real spike in activity during the graduate recruitment drive. We have added video content to ensure prospective candidates from outside of our sector are clear on what our technical functions are responsible for delivering. The videos also promote diversity career development and culture three areas that are integral to developing and maintaining a strong employment brand. Externally we have driven more content on career partner sites such as LinkedIn and Glassdoor which has resulted in increased page views for our company profiles and more followers. This culminated in being rated 15 th in the Glassdoor 2018 Best Places to Work survey. The Company promotes employee share ownership as widely as possible across the business.