We continue to successfully execute our strategy to grow and diversify the Group operating on an Open Access basis in partnership with our customers. We have seen growth across all of our core business pillars Intellectual Property Risk and Balance sheet management and Capital Formation and have continued to invest in new initiatives and acquisitions to drive further expansion and efficiencies. The Group is strategically operationally and financially well positioned to capitalise on a range of opportunities ahead and to enhance shareholder returns. Confidence in our outlook led us to set financial targets at an Investor Update event in June which will deliver growth in Group EBITDA margin to c.55 by 2019. As a leading financial markets infrastructure group we have continued to grow our global footprint including strengthening our presence in Asia and in the United States. We have also made selective acquisitions that develop our client offering while meeting our strict strategic and financial criteria. This included increasing our majority shareholding in LCH the acquisition of Mergent and the acquisition of The Yield Book and Citi Fixed Income Indices which provides opportunities to significantly enhance FTSE Russells fixed income analytics and index business. These acquisitions also help to expand LSEGs presence in the United States and our global distribution capabilities. MiFID II Opportunities The implementation of MiFID II which took place on 3 January 2018 was a key focus for a number of our businesses and the transition to the new regulatory regime has in overall terms been very smooth for LSEG. I would like to thank everyone involved in the programme which was a truly collaborative effort across the Group and provides us with further opportunities to differentiate ourselves with our customers. Importantly MiFID II embeds and recognises Open Access as a key principle in financial markets and is one we have been operating under for a number of years. The new rules will introduce greater competition in financial markets promoting transparency and innovation while helping to reduce costs and leading to better risk management. Our Open Access philosophy positions us well as we have a proven track record of operating businesses in partnership with our customers. As we stated in our Investor Update in June a number of these businesses such as LCH CurveGlobal Turquoise and MTS are already beginning to benefit from the new MiFID II environment and we expect that they will be able to further grow their customer offerings. Intellectual Property In our Information Services Business FTSE Russell continued to perform strongly delivering doubledigit revenue growth up by more than 30. This is a consolidating sector where FTSE Russell has successfully differentiated itself through its global reach and breadth of offering. With the acquisition We continue to successfully execute our strategy to grow and diversify the Group operating on an Open Access basis in partnership with our customers David Warren Interim Group Chief Executive Officer 6 London Stock Exchange Group Annual Report December 2017 Chief Executives statement Investment Fund of Japan GPIF selected the new FTSE Blossom Japan Index as a core ESG benchmark. The index uses FTSE Russells innovative ESG Ratings data model and highlights a growing trend among asset owners to integrate ESG considerations into their investment strategies. Also within Information Services UnaVista the Groups platform for all matching validation and reconciliation needs continues to help c.6000 clients from around the world to meet their regulatory reporting including additional requirements under MiFID II. Risk and Balance Sheet Management In our Post T rade business LCH Group achieved another strong performance with record volumes across multiple clearing services in 201 7 driven by new business as well as additional flow from existing customers. SwapClear cleared over US870 trillion of notional driven by significant onboarding of new clients across Europe the Americas and Asia Pacific. The SwapClear service now has more than 1 00 members and over 200 dealers clearing in 55 countries and remains the leading OTC rates liquidity pool in the world. Compression volumes also continued to rise with over US600 trillion compressed up 59 on 201 6 a further example of how the cycle of trading clearing and compressing is becoming increasingly routine. The OTC clearing services delivered good doubledigit revenue growth in the year. LCH is wellplaced to address capital and margin challenges prevailing in the vast FX market which trades around US5 trillion a day. The introduction of new bilateral margin rules has been a catalyst for members to start centrally clearing with over US1 1 trillion in notional cleared through ForexClear in 201 7 compared to US3.2 trillion in the previous year. The search for greater efficiencies is also driving growth in LCHs repo and CDS clearing services which both continued to expand their product offerings. LCH SwapAgent a new service for the noncleared derivatives market processed its first trades and also extended the efficiencies and infrastructure of clearing to the noncleared CrossCurrency Basis Swap market. The Groups post trade services in Italy also recorded a good performance with Monte Titoli delivering the benefits of T2S to its members. Capital Formation LSEGs range of debt and equity markets provides firms across the globe with access to deep and liquid pools of capital. Our markets in London and Italy helped companies raise over 44 billion in new and further issues welcoming companies such as Pirelli Allied Irish Bank and Eddie Stobart. London Stock Exchange was the largest European exchange with 108 IPOs in 201 7 and second globally by money raised. The ongoing success of Londons AIM market which saw a near 45 increase in new capital raised is also being replicated on AIM Italia with 24 new admissions in 201 7. Our commitment to support growth SME companies was also demonstrated through ELITE which has continued to expand globally with partnerships secured in West Africa Brazil China and Saudi Arabia in 201 7.