Following the acquisition of Anisa the Group now has over 300 employees. The commitment of staff is crucial to achieving further progress and on behalf of the Board I would again like to express our appreciation and thank everyone for their hard work support dedication and contribution to the ongoing development of the Group. Adrian Frost who had served as Group Finance Director since 2005 left Sanderson in September and we wish Adrian every success with his new employer. Richard Mogg joined Sanderson as Group Finance Director in October from Capita where latterly he worked in the Capita Education Software Services business. Richards considerable commercial financial and business experience will further enhance the management team and we are very much looking forward to working together over the years to come. Christopher Winn Chairman Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2017 Our Business 04 Sanderson Annual Report 2017.indd 4 13122017 094612 25862 12 December 2017 407 PM Proof 12 Group Chief Executives business review More rapid growth available via Digital Retail and renewed impetus for growth from the Enterprise business is expected to enable the Group to meet its strategic targets. Ian Newcombe Group Chief Executive The target market for Sanderson products and services primarily comprises of SMEs small and mediumsized enterprises. The Groups welldeveloped business model is to foster longterm customer relationships which result in a high proportion of sales arising from precontracted recurring revenue complemented by incremental sales to its strong wellestablished and growing customer base. This robust business stream usually accounts for around 50 of Group revenues. Sanderson proprietary software is developed in anticipation of technological developments and often in conjunction collaboration and partnership with its large customer base. Sanderson proprietary software is marketed and sold under a right to use licence with all sales marketing delivery support and services being carried out by the Groups own expert staff. Group business solutions are developed and marketed in order to provide customers with value for money IT systems designed to offer cost effective timely and tangible business benefits. These solutions typically enable customers to increase revenue whilst also achieving additional efficiencies by making and maintaining cost savings both often within twelve months of implementation. Such robust and agile systems will be key to help customers remain competitive in challenging market times. The Group continues to invest in the development of its software products and services as well as in increasing its sales and marketing capacity and capability. Particular emphasis has been placed on the Group businesses specialising in the UK food and drink processing and wholesale distribution sectors and especially in the market for digital retail solutions with the continued development of mobile and ecommerce solutions. These solutions enable retailers to capitalise on the significant growth opportunities arising from the widespread adoption of smartphones and tablets and to exploit mobile as a sales channel that is becoming fully integrated with existing business systems. At the core of the Groups welldeveloped business model is Sanderson proprietary software with both onpremise as well as cloudbased solutions being offered to customers on an ongoing annual contractual basis together with the accompanying consultancy support and maintenance services. In the year ended 30 September 2017 these precontracted recurring revenues amounted to 11.18 million 2016 10.75 million representing 52 of total revenues 2016 50. The gross margin from recurring revenues covered 67 of total Group overheads in the financial year 2016 63. Reflecting both prior and continuing investment in the Groups sales and marketing function Sanderson continued to achieve a significantly improved level of order intake during the year up 12 to 13.69 million compared with 12.26 million in the prior year. During the year thirteen new customers contributed orders to the value of 1.60 million 2016 22 new customers generated orders to the value of 3.83 million. The financial year ending 30 September 2016 had been exceptional in terms of new sales orders from new customers. New customer orders for the financial year ending 30 September 2017 are in line with the longer term fouryear average. The development of opportunities from new customers and prospects remains a key focus for the business. Review of Digital Retail Sanderson provides comprehensive IT solutions to businesses operating in the ecommerce mobile commerce and retail sectors of the UK. Mobile solutions instore technology and the digital experience continue to be key business drivers in this very active and rapidly developing market. The Digital Retail Division which works with leading retailers such as JD Sports and Superdry continued to make good progress achieving double digit revenue growth of 13.8 to 7.28 million 2016 6.40 million. Operating profits grew by a third to 1.18 million adjusted for amortisation of acquisitionrelated intangibles sharebased payment charges and oneoff nonrecurring items 2016 0.89 million. The Group continues to invest in product innovation and delivery capacity in order to address this rapidly expanding market. The leadership team was further strengthened during the year and the business undertook a consolidation to a single location in order to generate additional efficiencies going forward. We previously reported that a large new retail customer had been gained towards the end of the financial year ended 30 September 2016. This was the very highly rated home entertainment retailer Richer Sounds confirmed by the Which organisation as the Best High Street Shop 2017. With a high level of effort and teamwork both from the excellent Richer Sounds team 05 Stock code SND www.sanderson.com Our Business Sanderson Annual Report 2017.indd 5 13122017 094613 25862 12 December 2017 407 PM Proof 8 Group Chief Executives business review continued Digital Retail is continuing to experience increased levels of sales activity as well as from our own support team the Sanderson solution was successfully installed and implemented on time and on budget during the financial year ending 30 September 2017.