I would like to thank them on shareholders behalf welcome all newcomers to the Company and look forward to an exciting period ahead. Antony Craven Walker Executive Chairman 9 April 2018 The Company had a very strong finish to what was an excellent year. 5 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2017 was a landmark year for Serica delivering our highest profit to date and providing us with a platform to grow further. Building on a strong set of financial results the announcement of the BKR Assets acquisition in late November rounded off an excellent year. We believe that the UK North Sea where there are strategic benefits for Serica will continue to provide new opportunities to grow the business and add shareholder value. Net production of 722000 boe 2016 597000 boe and operating profits of US14.1 million 2016 US3.4 million represent Sericas strongest annual performance todate even though wax control in the condensate export pipeline restricted Erskine second half volumes. The year also saw the announcement of the BKR Assets acquisition and significant progress on bringing Columbus to a development decision. The problems with a wax buildup in the Lomond to Everest condensate export line have deferred production from Erskine but it is expected that this production will be recovered once the pipeline restrictions have been cleared. Erskine partners focus has therefore been placed on resolving the restrictions that have been preventing delivery of the fields full capability. A longterm solution has been sanctioned and work on this has commenced alongside the ongoing efforts to clear the buildup. The capability of the Erskine reservoir and wells continues to outperform the projections that Serica made when the asset was first acquired. Estimated remaining 2P reserves at 1 January 2018 of 3.1 million boe net to Serica compare to an estimated 3.3 million boe when Serica first acquired the field interest in mid2015 even though 1.9 million boe net to Serica have been produced during the intervening period. When not subject to external restrictions the field has demonstrated an ability to sustain production at rates around 3000 boe per day net to Serica. The acquisition of the BP interests in the BKR Assets will provide Serica with the opportunity to build on the experience gained from Erskine in order to move forward as a production operator. I have been tremendously impressed with the professionalism and enthusiasm of the BP staff that will be transferring to Serica and I look forward to welcoming these staff as well as our new recruits into our new operational headquarters which will be opened in Aberdeen in the second half of 2018. Meanwhile we are pleased to confirm that Serica and the other Columbus partners have notified the Oil and Gas Authority OGA of a selected offtake route for the Columbus field development. This is discussed in more detail below and in the Operations Report. We now look forward to working with our partners and infrastructure owners to develop and submit a Field Development Plan FDP to the OGA for Columbus targeted for midyear. Serica remains committed to exploration and the forthcoming Rowallan well on which Serica is fully carried is one of the few significant UK exploration wells due to be drilled in 2018 targeting gross reserves over 100 million boe. Elsewhere in the UK Continental Shelf UKCS Serica is looking to grow its exploration portfolio and has participated in three applications for new licences in the UKCS 30th Offshore Licensing Round. Industry activity in both Ireland and Namibia is showing strong signs of recovery as oil prices recover from the lows seen in 201516 this is expected to enhance our ongoing efforts to secure drilling partners in these areas. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REPORT STRATEGIC REPORT 6 Serica Energy plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Erskine During the first five months of 2017 Sericas primary asset the Erskine field delivered a particularly strong performance with production averaging 3100 boe per day net to the Company. This was followed by a period when wax buildup in the Lomond to Everest condensate export line restricted rates through June and July leading into a twomonth field shutin as a planned August maintenance programme extended into September for additional wax management processes and repairs to a Lomond caisson. The recommencement of production in late September brought a further period of steady production averaging close to 2500 boe per day net until an unplanned outage of the Forties Pipeline System FPS on 11 December shutin Erskine along with approximately 80 other North Sea production platforms. Though frustrating not to have been able to maintain Erskine early year performance Sericas net share of production for 2017 still averaged close to 2000 boe per day delivered at improving oil and gas prices and generating profit before tax of US10.8 million compared to US3.3 million for 2016. It should also be emphasised that output restrictions during 2017 were almost entirely related to the oil offtake pipelines. The FPS interruption was a rare event which the operator Ineos FPS was quick to address given the strategic importance of this line which transports to shore over 40 of total UK oil production. However the wax buildup in the Lomond to Everest condensate export line has been a recurring challenge and as already reported has caused a further interruption to Erskine production in early 2018. Response todate has been to manage the problem through rate control periodic soaking of the line with solvents and pigging. However pigging programmes have historically been limited due to the risk of full blockage. Net production of 722000 boe and operating profit of US14.1 million represents Sericas strongest annual performance todate.