Significant fund raisings included AIMquoted Tissue Regenix Group plc 40m Actual Experience plc 17.5m and among the private companies Ultrahaptics Ltd 17.9m and Creavo Medical Technologies 13.4m. MAY 2017 OCTOBER 2017 IPG announced the result of 181m net capital raising with new shareholders from Australia China Singapore and the UK and the launch of IP2IPO Australia with commercialisation agreements with nine leading Australian and New Zealand research universities Offer for Touchstone Innovations goes wholly unconditional IPG announced an offer to acquire Touchstone Innovations plc Stock Code IPO www.ipgroupplc.com 9 Strategic Report Our business strategy 2582904 10 May 2018 341 PM Proof Nine Financial performance In terms of financial performance the Group continues to build on its strong track record. In 2017 IP Groups portfolio delivered a solid performance with net assets excluding goodwill and intangibles Hard NAV totalling 1326.2m 2016 706.5m with the fair value of the portfolio increasing to 1130.6m 2016 614.0m and resulting in a reported profit of 53.4m 2016 14.8m loss. The Group ended the year with gross cash and deposits of 326.3m 2016 112.3m. I must stress however that our business model remains long term in nature and while our objective is to generate long term value for stakeholders portfolio company valuations and therefore our results can and do fluctuate from year to year. Changes to the Board At Board level there have been two changes this year. In October we were delighted to welcome Professor David Begg as a nonexecutive director following the acquisition of Touchstone Innovations plc where he was a nonexecutive director. Professor Begg joined Touchstone Innovations plc from Imperial College London where he was Professor of Economics and Principal of the Business School from 2003 until 2012. He also acted as Vice Provost for Research for the College. During his earlier career he held a number of distinguished advisory and academic appointments including Professor of Economics at Birkbeck College Visiting Fellow at the Reserve Bank of Australia and Visiting Professor at M.I.T and at INSEAD and Economic Policy Advisor in the Bank of England. Doug Liversidge CBE retired from his position as a nonexecutive director of the Company at the end of 2017. Mr Liversidge served on the Board in a nonexecutive capacity since March 2014 following IP Groups acquisition of Fusion IP plc where he was Chairman. He was also the Groups Senior Independent Director a role that Professor Begg agreed to take on from the beginning of 2018. Mr Liversidge made an important contribution to the Groups growth and I would like to thank him for his commitment and wise counsel over the past four years. Summary The business made substantial progress in 2017 leaving IP Group well positioned for 2018 and beyond. I would like to welcome all our new colleagues and partners to the Group this year and to thank staff academic partners and portfolio companies for their commitment and contribution to this positive performance. As ever I would also like to extend the Boards thanks to all our stakeholders for their continued support without whom none of this would be possible. With a larger and maturing portfolio and an expanded pipeline of opportunities around the world we look to the rest of the year with continued confidence. MIKE HUMPHREY CHAIRMAN Chairmans summary CONTINUED IP Group plc Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017 10 2582904 10 May 2018 341 PM Proof Nine Market The purpose of IP Group is to evolve great ideas into worldchanging businesses. IP Group is a leading intellectual property commercialisation company which focuses on evolving great ideas mainly from its partner universities into worldchanging businesses. The Group has pioneered a unique approach to developing these ideas and the resulting businesses by providing access to business building expertise capital through its 100owned FCAauthorised subsidiaries IP Capital and Parkwalk Advisors networks recruitment and business support. The Directors consider that the Group is operating and competing in two major areas. Firstly the Group competes for access to great ideas with significant commercial potential. The Group primarily sources these ideas from a network of worldleading academic research institutions frequently those with which it has a longterm partnership arrangement. Secondly the Group competes for capital to develop these great ideas into viable businesses against other investment opportunities. While the market for capital is very broad and deep the Groups companies are typically seeking earlierstage and development risk capital. Challenges facing the developed and developing world today One of IP Groups core beliefs is that overcoming many of the worlds common problems will require multiple scientific solutions. The common challenges facing the developed and developing world include issues such as ageing population climate change resource scarcity energy availability and storage rapid urbanisation health challenges and increasing digitisation. Historically many of the solutions to these global problems have come from fundamental RD carried out in the worlds leading research universities and institutions. IP Group believes that this will continue to be the case and therefore the Directors feel the Groups work of helping commercialise cuttingedge science is of such importance. The search for solutions IP Group partners with major leading research institutions in countries where research is produced. The Group has three areas of geographic focus the UK the US and our recently formed business in Australasia. In total the Group has access to RD emanating from 32 universities or research institutions around the world comprising 18 in the UK 5 in the US and 9 in AustraliaNew Zealand. IP Group has access to intellectual property from universities whose academic staff have published 16.8 of the worlds Top Research. The Directors therefore believe the Group is the international market leader in the emerging university IP commercialisation sector. The Groups core business remains the UK which has been further reinforced by the acquisition of Touchstone Innovations plc.