As consumer tastes and preferences continue to change and the demand for great tasting reduced sugar products increases the recent announcement that 90 of our Company owned brands will contain less than 5g of total Over the past 12 months we have seen some extremely signicant events unfold across the UK and beyond. Chairmans Introduction Items marked with an asterisk are nonGAAP measures. Denitions and relevant reconciliations are provided in the Glossary on pages 130 to 132. sugars per 100ml by the autumn of 2017 is an extremely positive demonstration of how the business is responding with both pace and commitment. Our key partnerships with Rockstar and Dr Pepper Snapple Group continued to progress complementing our own portfolio both in the UK and increasingly on an international basis where we have delivered further growth extending our international footprint and our franchise territory agreements. The Funkin business acquired in 2015 continues to exceed our acquisition expectations and we remain highly encouraged by the continued growth momentum of the Funkin brand and business. Our drive for improvement across the business has not abated. We have continued to invest in our asset base including the installation of a new glass lling line at Cumbernauld and are in the process of adding new PET capability in our Milton Keynes facility. In addition we have successfully completed a Companywide business reorganisation that has both enhanced our organisational capability and reduced our overhead base. We exit the year with a strong balance sheet and are well placed to exploit growth opportunities as and when they arise. Dividend The Board is pleased to be in a position to maintain its commitment to a progressive dividend policy and recommend a nal dividend of 10.87p per share to give a total dividend for the full year of 14.40p per share a full year increase of 8 on the prior year. The nal dividend is payable on 9 June 2017 to shareholders on the Register of Members at the close of business on 12 May 2017. The exdividend date is 11 May 2017. Share repurchase programme Given the strength of the balance sheet and the cash generative nature of the business the Board has decided to return up to 30m to shareholders via an onmarket share repurchase programme. This programme is anticipated to commence in the spring of 2017 and complete within 24 months. The AGM in May 2017 will be requested to approve the renewal of the authority granted in June 2016 for the Board to repurchase up to 10 of the Companys own shares. We do not believe that the repurchase programme will have any material impact on our ability to secure acquisition opportunities should these be identied. People The continued success of the business is testament to the commitment and skills of the whole team and I would like to take this opportunity to extend a thank you to each and every team member for their eorts across this year of change and reorganisation. 05 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Accounts Strategic Report Corporate Governance The Board continues to operate eectively with a complementary mix of skills and experience providing solid and eective governance controls. We will continue to review how to enhance both the governance model and the advisory aspect of the Board. Prospects The business has achieved a great deal in the past year building a strong platform for the future while sustaining current nancial performance. With great brands an eective business model a clear strategy and a strong team in place to deliver it the business remains well placed to develop further and realise its longterm potential. John Nicolson Chairman The business has achieved a great deal in the past year building a strong platform for the future while sustaining current financial performance. John Nicolson Chairman 06 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Simple effective profitable Business Model We make We pride ourselves on our eective manufacturing capabilities producing high quality products across our wellinvested and ecient production sites in Cumbernauld Forfar and our new state of the art facility at Milton Keynes. From sourcing our raw materials across the globe to designing our packaging materials we strive for continuous improvements keep safety at the forefront of all we do and invest accordingly to ensure we produce the best tasting products as eciently as possible. We move With a eet of more than 100 vehicles and long standing relationships with our key distribution partners we strive to deliver a great service to all our customers from the biggest food service customer to the smallest local shop. Operating across multiple routes to market we have a well established and ecient distribution network with our Direct Store Delivery channel in particular setting us apart by oering a tailored and personal service to thousands of independent retailers across the UK. 07 A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Accounts Strategic Report Corporate Governance A.G. BARR p.l.c. Annual Report and Accounts 2017 We are a growth driven branded consumer goods business delivering longterm sustainable value. We build great tasting brands that people love oering them choice and enjoyment. Our business model is simple eective and protable. This simple but eective approach is supported by strong partnerships talented people and responsible actions. Our business model has proven successful for more than 140 years and continues to create and deliver value in all that we do. We market Listening carefully to our consumers is paramount and by doing so we have developed a diverse and dierentiated brand portfolio of great tasting products to satisfy their needs and oer choice.