Although the outcome remains unclear we have taken steps in the year to support many of our employees with information on developments and related guidance and we continue to review the business impact of potential changes. CORPORATE STRUCTURE This year has been an exciting year but nonetheless a disruptive one with significant management time taken up by the public listing. I am particularly impressed by the focus and commitment shown by our teams to ensure our customers remained unaffected by this corporate activity. Ahead of the public listing we took steps to strengthen our Board and I look forward to working with our new Board and benefiting from their experience as we take the Group forward in the next stage of its development. A CONFIDENT OUTLOOK The second half of 2017 saw volume growth impacted as UK consumers reacted to significant inflationary pressure. As expected this trend has continued into 2018 and is likely to remain until inflation eases. Later in the year we expect our volume growth to benefit from improved market conditions and new business. Despite these industrywide challenges we are confident that our scale track record of innovation and focus on operational efficiencies ensures we are well placed to deliver ongoing profitable growth both from existing business and our longterm investment strategy. DELIVERING THE BEST FOR OUR PEOPLE AND OUR CUSTOMERS IS THE CORNERSTONE OF OUR FUTURE SUCCESS 14 Bakkavor Group plc 2017 Annual Report Innovation is one of our core values and we are extremely proud of our capabilities and expertise always challenging ourselves to think of great ideas that our customers and consumers love. By collaborating across our sites we bring together different competencies including allergen management delicate fruit preparation and technical yoghurt processing. These capabilities combined with our consumer insight expertise enabled us to create and launch a range of fresh breakfast compotes including a pomegranate bircher muesli to appeal to consumers looking for ready to eat healthy breakfast on the move. Pomegranate seeds have become increasingly popular due to their health benefits they also make a great topping on our breakfast pots. SEE HOW ITS MADE blog.bakkavor.com STRATEGIC REPORT CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED Producing innovative commercially successful food that offers choice quality convenience and freshness for consumers remains the foundation of our success and is what drives growth in the UK. The Group has a proven operating model for a challenging operational environment producing over 2000 short shelflife products at scale. This level of complexity gives us a unique competitive advantage in the UK segment which contributed around 90 to total Group revenue in 2017. During the past year we have reinforced our leading position in each of the four FPF categories of meals salads desserts and pizza bread continuing to work collaboratively with key customers to support their growth plans through investments and innovation. Our close partnerships with our customers our track record in food safety combined with our proven ability to generate cash for reinvestment in the business for efficiencies maintenance and growth position us well to deliver on our UK strategy. UK PERFORMANCE The UK business generated 1636.3 million in revenue from continuing operations in 2017 up 4.6 1 compared to the prior year on a 52 week basis. Likeforlike revenue 2 was 1621.3 million which is 4.9 up on 2016. Revenue growth in 2017 was partly driven by price increases agreed with customers in response to the significant raw material inflation in the year. Volume growth was strong in the first half of the year supported by a number of significant business gains in the second half of the previous year a testament to the Groups innovation capabilities product quality and marketleading technical standards. However as expected revenue growth slowed later in the year as higher retail pricing impacted volumes. Adjusted EBITDA 2 for the year was 145.2 million compared with 137.7 million in 2016. As anticipated margins remained under pressure throughout the year due to inflationary impacts. However the business performed well to limit these impacts and when combined with the volume benefits and tight cost control the year saw an increase in the Adjusted EBITDA 2 margin to 8.9 20 basis points above the prior year. At an operational level we remained focused on managing our capacity and investing when necessary to support our customers growth plans. MANAGING INFLATIONARY IMPACTS During 2017 we were impacted by a combination of unprecedented raw material inflation largely driven by volatility in the dairy market and the impact of the weakness in Sterling together with rising labour costs following further increases in the National Living Wage. Working closely with our customers we successfully mitigated much of this inflation through a combination of pricing product design and operational performance. Our significant expertise in growing planning and buying was critical during this past year of volatile input pricing. No more so than in the salads category when in the early part of the year unforeseen weather conditions markedly affected leaf availability. The experience of the procurement team and the strong relationships Bakkavor has with suppliers particularly those in Europe and the US enabled the Group to maintain supplies during this very challenging period. The rising labour costs experienced following further increases to the National Living Wage were largely offset by performance improvements through efficiency capital expenditure projects and operational improvement plans in place across the business. These improvement plans supported by the operational finance team were targeted to maximise performance and opportunities for efficiency gains across the UK operations. UK OPERATIONS UK financial highlights million 2017 2016 53 weeks Change Revenue 1636.3 1589.9 4.6 1 2.9 Likeforlike revenue 1621.3 1545.8 4.9 Adjusted EBITDA 145.2 137.7 5.4 Adjusted EBITDA 2 margin 8.9 8.7 20bps 1 Growth versus Full Year 2016 on a 52 week basis. 2 Alternative Performance Measures APMs including likeforlike adjusted and underlying are used as a guide to performance.