January Received 450k share of US2 million success milestone payment as part of SRA737 licence agreement on transfer of two ongoing Phase 1 clinical trials to Sierra Oncology. October AuroraFLT3 patent grant notifications received for Japan and Singapore giving Sareum approved patent protection in all the major territories. Successful conclusion to the BioMedical Catalyst funded feasibility study for TYK2 with lead compounds showing tumour regression in a disease model of TALL. 2016 2017 November Updated results from TYK2 cancer research programme presented at AACRNCIEORTC. STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 2 Drug development pipeline Sareums pipeline is built on the drug discovery expertise of its founders particularly in the field of cancer. The Company operates a collaborative and outsourced business model. All our laboratorybased research is carried out in the facilities of collaborators or thirdparty providers. This enables us to access drug discovery expertise throughout the world with a very flexible cost base. Sareum focuses on developing new therapies against biochemical targets where existing preclinical or early clinical data are available. This data can give a strong indication that a therapy will disrupt a targeted biochemical process and improve patient outcomes without significant side effects. Sareums approach is lower risk than developing therapies against entirely novel targets. Chk1 kinase targeting genetically defined solid cancers SRA737 formerly CCT245737 is a potent highly selective orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of Chk1 a key regulator of important cell cycle checkpoints and central mediator of the DNA Damage Response DDR network. SRA737 was licensed to Sierra Oncology in September 2016 and is in two innovative Phase 1 clinical trials in patients with advanced cancer and tumours with genetic mutations that predict sensitivity to Chk1 inhibition. Tumour cells can have many genetic mutations and several of these may result in a strong reliance on Chk1 function for tumour survival. By blocking Chk1 function in these cases the tumour cells die this exemplifies the concept of synthetic lethality. The clinical studies aim to take advantage of this fundamental role of Chk1 in cancer and will enhance patient selection in order to maximise responses of SRA737 in a monotherapy study in genetically defined patients with five solid tumour types. a combination study with lowdose chemotherapy gemcitabine in genetically defined patients with two solid tumour types where gemcitabine is a standard care. In addition Sierra Oncology is evaluating SRA737 with preclinical studies in combination with targeted cancer therapeutics where there is a strong rationale for synergy with Chk1 inhibition. These include immunooncology approaches antiPD1 and PDL1 and other DDR inhibitors e.g. PARP inhibitors. Read more on page 5 TYK2 kinase targeting autoimmune diseases and cancer TYK2 is a member of the Janus kinase JAK family with roles in proinflammatory responses in autoimmune diseases and tumour cell proliferation in certain cancers. Members of the JAK family are the targets of several marketed and clinicalstage drugs although there are currently no marketed products specifically targeting TYK2. Sareum has an ongoing codevelopment agreement with SRI International to develop TYK2 inhibitors in autoimmune diseases and retains commercialisation rights for these and other TYK2 inhibitors for oncology and immunooncology applications. Autoimmune and inflammatory disorders Sareum has shown with several TYK2 inhibitors promising and potentially superior therapeutic profiles in disease models of psoriasis RA and ulcerative colitis. Advanced lead molecules have also shown promising initial efficacy in lupus models. Candidate selections are expected in H1 2018. Cancers Several of Sareums TYK2 inhibitors have demonstrated good efficacy and safety in disease models of T ALL both as a single agent and in combination with chemotherapy. They also demonstrate good oral bioavailability good biodistribution and tumour reduction of up to 80. The Company is investigating its TYK2 inhibitors in several solid tumours and blood cancers at leading academic centres worldwide. Sareum is also investigating the potential of its TYK2 inhibitors to overcome resistance to immune checkpoint inhibitors and is evaluating combination opportunities. Candidate selection for further development in oncology is targeted for H1 2018. Read more on page 7 AuroraFLT3 kinases targeting AML and other blood cancers Sareum has identified candidate molecules with potential to be singleagent therapies for AML and other blood cancers. A lead candidate is in preclinical development funded by Sareums Chinese partner Hebei Medical University Biomedical Engineering Center and these studies suggest good tolerability at the predicted therapeutic dose. Preclinical studies are expected to complete in H2 2018. Read more on page 7 Colorectal head neck nonsmall cell lung ovarian and prostate cancers Bladder pancreatic cancers AML ALL TALL ALCL colon cancer Target Lead optimisation Candidate selection Preclinical Phase 1 clinical Potential indications AuroraFLT3 TYK2 Chk1 SRA737 Autoimmune Cancer Psoriasis RA lupus IBD MS Chemotherapy combination Monotherapy RA Rheumatoid Arthritis IBD Inflammatory Bowel Disease MS Multiple Sclerosis TALL Tcell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia ALCL Anaplastic Large Cell Lymphoma AML Acute Myeloid Leukaemia ALL Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia STRATEGIC REPORT Sareum Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Sareum made important progress during the year ended 30 June 2017 across its key development programmes. The highlight of the year was the signing of a licence agreement for the Chk1 programme with Sierra Oncology Inc NASDAQ SRRA. This agreement has brought a highly committed and wellfunded partner with proven experience in oncology drug development to realise the value of this exciting programme. Already the impact of Sierra Oncologys commitment is being seen with the implementation of highly innovative clinical trial designs. Additionally clinical opportunities to explore the potential of SRA737 with other new classes of targeted cancer therapy are expected in 2018. The agreement with Sierra Oncology represents a significant validation of Sareums business model which is based on its expertise in small molecule drug design and its strategy to develop programmes to late preclinical or early clinical stages. Sareum aims to take advantage of the substantial values associated with outlicensing programmes at these stages.