In our manufacturing business the outlook is solid with a steady flow of new product development NPD and new contract wins that will positively impact the year ahead. As indicated previously this needs to be balanced against the normalisation of volumes on particularly large product launches that bolstered H2 FY16 and H1 FY17 performance. In line with the industry both business segments have been challenged by increasing material and packaging costs resulting from the fall in sterling and global inflationary pressures. Our teams have put in place a wide range of programmes to mitigate the impact of these increases and we believe that these measures and our strong overall trading momentum will compensate. Having successfully integrated The Brand Architekts we continue to be alert to further acquisition opportunities should they offer the potential to build incremental shareholder value. Over the course of the year we have strengthened both sides of our business with an improved ability to deliver the innovation quality and service demanded by our customers. This combined with the progress made on our owned brands gives us confidence that we are well positioned for the future. Brendan Hynes Chairman 18 September 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 10 STRATEGIC REPORT ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 11 It has been a year of excellent progress for the Group with the successful execution of our stated strategy CHRIS HOW CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER STRATEGIC REPORT ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 12 It has been a year of tremendous progress for the Group. Our teams have worked extremely hard to maintain the positive momentum in our manufacturing business and to successfully integrate and accelerate the growth of the acquired The Brand Architekts business. Within The Brand Architekts portfolio it is pleasing to report that all major brands and major customers are showing year on year growth and that the pace and quality of new product launches have continued seamlessly. This is a great credit to the team at Teddington who have proved themselves to be as talented professional and committed as we had hoped at the time of acquisition. In the manufacturing business our ability to support our customer base with the innovation quality and service they require has enabled us to continue to grow sales and contribution margins against strong prior year comparators and the headwinds of significant raw material and packaging inflation. Our reputation and relationship has been enhanced across several key customers both longstanding and new as we have successfully supported a number of critical product launches for them which contributes to current business performance and augurs well for future projects. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REPORT OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY WHAT WE DO MANUFACTURING Swallowfield plc is a market leader in the development formulation and supply of personal care and beauty products including its own portfolio of brands. Our business strategy is to leverage our Group expertise resources and assets across two complimentary and connected value streams owned brands and manufacturing. Within each value stream we have three strategic pillars which we believe are the critical focus areas to ensure we continue to grow these businesses in the medium and long term. Our manufacturing business focusses on the development formulation and supply of personal care and beauty products for customers which include many of the worlds leading brands. Through continued investment and execution of our Drive Category Focus our offering to those customers has become increasingly differentiated which has the dual benefit of a positive impact on margin contribution and also improving our competitive advantage thereby making the Group more resilient. SWALLOWFIELD EXPERTISE AND RESOURCES MANUFACTURING VALUE STREAM innovation quality service to global brand owners drive category focus cost base optimisation OWNED BRANDS VALUE STREAM new product development at pace consumer and customer relevant leverage swallowfield resources international growth ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 13 Prestige Brands 27 OUR MANUFACTURING CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS Figure 1 outlines the range of customer types we supply in our manufacturing business. We are proud to work with some of the worlds leading brands and retailers. Our manufacturing business invoiced 57 of sales to customers in the United Kingdom 39 to those in Europe and 4 in Rest of World. With a number of customers onward exporting globally. Swallowfield produced products will be found in many markets around the world. OUR PRODUCTS Figure 2 outlines the current sales value mix of product types for our Manufacturing business. BeautyFashion Retailers 32 BeautyFashion Retailers 36 Prestige Brands 29 Mass Brands 32 Mass Brands 29 7 Grocery Retailers 8 Grocery Retailers Hot Pour Hot Pour Premium Liquids T ubes Rollons Premium Liquids T ubes Rollons Figure 1 BY CUSTOMER TYPE FY2017 Figure 1 BY CUSTOMER TYPE FY2016 Figure 2 BY PRODUCT TYPE FY2017 Figure 2 BY PRODUCT TYPE FY2016 Personal Care Aerosols 54 Personal Care Aerosols 56 Fragrance Gifting 15 Fragrance Gifting 17 6 6 7 7 Colour Cosmetics Pencils 18 Colour Cosmetics Pencils 14 STRATEGIC REPORT ANNUAL REPORT ACCOUNTS 2017 14 Innovation Our talented chemists have an industrywide reputation for developing great new product formulations especially in our Drive product categories. Packaging Solutions Our team works across our customer base to design innovative and effective packaging solutions. Regulatory Expertise Our team are able to advise customers on regulatory requirements across a broad range of product types and across a variety of geographies thereby enhancing the potential of these products in export markets. Quality Customer Base The vast majority of our products are developed and produced for strong brands or more premium beauty and fashion retailers. Expertise In Our Drive Categories We have an industry reputation for quality expertise and cost competitiveness in our drive categories e.g. Aerosols Hot Pour Products. These product categories also have significant barriers to entry in terms of skill and assets required.