In the US we secured work to reconstruct and improve the Southern Gateway an 11mile stretch of road in Dallas Texas and the 4.7mile Green Line rail extension in Boston Massachusetts. The business continues to work constructively with industry bodies and the UK Government to identify and manage any challenges caused by the UKs exit from the European Union. Whilst we have not seen an impact on our markets any restrictions on the movement of workers would be likely to exacerbate the current shortages of skilled labour in our sector. We continue to see opportunities for our Investments business to nance and deliver projects. In early 2018 we entered our rst major publicprivate partnership P3 in the US civil infrastructure market for the Los Angeles World Airports Automated People Mover. The Board Barbara Moorhouse and Michael Lucki joined your Board in the summer of 2017. Barbara has over 30 years of business and management experience in the private public and regulated sectors. Michael has worked with construction and infrastructure providers for 40 years and has extensive knowledge of the US market. I consider a balanced spread of disciplines diversity and experience essential to the Boards effectiveness and we will continue to take this into account when considering additional appointments. Very sadly during the year Steve Marshall my predecessor as Chairman passed away. I would like to express our condolences to his family and recognise the leadership he gave Balfour Beatty at a very challenging time for the Company. Our people The transformation of Balfour Beatty to date could not have been achieved without the energy dedication and enthusiasm of our employees. On behalf of the Board I would like to thank all of our employees for their commitment once again this year. We are fortunate to work on some of the most impressive and exciting projects in the world and I am always delighted at the level of passion and pride I nd every time I visit a site. Safety is at the heart of the culture which the leadership team is creating at Balfour Beatty. Much of the work we undertake is inherently dangerous taking measures which eradicate risk or mitigate it where it can not be completely removed is vital if we are to ensure that everyone who comes into contact with Balfour Beatty is kept safe. It is therefore with deep regret that I have to report that three people died during 2017 whilst working on our projects two in the US and one in the Far East. As a Board we review each serious accident in detail and seek actions to prevent a reoccurrence however I realise that this is of little comfort to the families of those who lost their lives and I use this letter to send formal condolences to the bereaved on behalf of the Board and everyone in our business. Every time someone is injured it reinforces why we must always strive to do more to make our industry safer. Dividend The results for 2017 demonstrate further progress in restoring Balfour Beatty to sustainable nancial strength and stability. As a result your Board has felt able to recommend an increase in the nal dividend to 2.4p per share bringing the total dividend for the year to 3.6p per share. Conclusion As we have all been reminded contracting is a business that demands constant focus and control. Risks must be managed and processes and governance must be t for purpose and continuously applied. Delivering this requires quality leadership and a systematic approach to creating a culture which embeds this as our way of working. As you read this report you will see many examples of how Balfour Beatty has learnt from the past and is embracing these disciplines. Today we look to the future with condence and excitement. Balfour Beatty is ready for the challenges ahead. We Build to Last. Philip Aiken AM Chairman Balfour Beatty Annual Report and Accounts 2017 04 Today Balfour Beatty is well placed to drive sustainable protable growth underpinned by a strong balance sheet. Leo Quinn Group Chief Executive Group Chief Executives review balfourbeatty.comAR2017 Governance Financial Statements Other Information 05 Strategic Report These strong results demonstrate the transformation being delivered by the Build to Last programme. Today Balfour Beatty is well placed to drive sustainable protable growth underpinned by a strong balance sheet. It has strength and depth in leadership a new positive culture is being embedded and the business is well positioned in each of its chosen markets. The Group reported an underlying prot from operations PFO of 196 million 2016 69 million driven by material year onyear improvements in all earningsbased businesses. Both Support Services and US Construction reported PFO margins in the range of industrystandard margins. UK Construction continues on its positive trend with a prot from operations of 16 million 2016 65 million loss. The Group is on track to achieve industry standard margins in all of its earnings based businesses in the second half of 2018 as it continues to drive three key levers for improved nancial performance nalising the remaining historical contracts through to completion reducing costs and raising productivity across its operations and executing on the improved quality of the order book. Cash remains the Groups focus and ultimately the most important barometer of nancial performance. During the year the Group had average net cash of 42 million 2016 46 million net debt at year end the Group had net cash of 335 million 2016 173 million. The year end gure includes 103 million received from the sale of a 12.5 stake in Connect Plus the company which operates the M25 London orbital motorway.