Chief Executives Statement Resilience Through the Cycle Also in Birmingham Somerset House Temple Street will be available in the autumn. The specification we are implementing enhances and complements the buildings many art deco features including the restored parquet flooring that will help to differentiate our offering from many others in the vicinity. Prime rents in the city have now reached 35 psf so our two buildings at 18 and 20 psf respectively should prove highly attractive to those tenants seeking well located high quality office space. Although the letting market for requirements over 10000 sq ft has been noticeably slower in the first half of the 2017 calendar year we are in negotiations to let a substantial part of our 40000 sq ft office building K2 at Kents Hill Park Milton Keynes to a major occupier and have multiple interest in the remainder following our decision to further subdivide the building into smaller suites. From the outset we built maximum flexibility into the layout of the property and by a simple repositioning of services subdivision is possible with minimum loss of net internal area and at a modest additional construction cost. All of our buildings that are either in the course of refurbishment or completed and available to let are capable of being occupied by tenants seeking less than 5000 sq ft which is the most active sector of the market. Our optimism in the economy in the lead up to leaving the EU is being tested by the hung parliament and increasing political uncertainty following the general election. We are mindful that the heightened sense of nervousness may have an adverse effect upon some areas of the property market. However with a strong cash flow and cash at bank we believe that our business is well placed to capitalise upon a regional office market that has todate remained fairly robust due to sustained demand for offices in the sub 5000 sq ft range and the continuing loss of much of the lower quality office stock due to obsolescence and residential conversion. In the short term Circle Property Plc will concentrate on letting the space within the development portfolio which once fully let on the basis of current rental levels has the capability to treble the net operating profits enhancing the future earnings per share and supporting our progressive dividend policy. We hope this will help drive demand for our shares facilitating an expansion of our investor base and so creates greater liquidity in our stock. John Arnold Chief Executive Officer 4 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Refurbish and actively manage Revalue and regear Buy 3 2 1 Business Model Our aim is to provide a growing and secure income stream to fund our progressive dividend policy whilst in addition generating strong capital growth. 2 Refurbish and actively manage This is done by careful asset selection. Whether we are buying short let income to drive the rents forward or offices requiring refurbishment we use our proven expertise to provide tenants with the occupational space they desire in locations where there is proven occupier demand. 1 Buy We buy well located provincial offices where we can reposition the asset and maximise its full value. 3 Revalue and regear Having successfully regeared leases or refurbished and let the office building we revalue the asset and use the equity released by refinancing to start the cycle again. The higher rent feeds our progressive dividend policy. 5 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financials Governance Strategic Report Strategic Report Market Overview The market for regional offices located within major conurbations has been less affected by BREXIT as they are not as dependent as London on international finance and investment. Companies relocating to the regions to save costs being attracted by lower employment costs business rates and rent coupled with existing demand from local professional occupiers and SMEs have further enhanced tenant demand for good quality well located offices. Market Opportunities With REITs competing for income and institutions restricted by their large asset lot size requirement there is less competition for us to acquire well located short let or part vacant provincial offices. Furthermore major provincial cities have experienced the Permitted Development Rights effect whereby offices can be converted to residential without planning permission. This has led to a shortage in supply of good quality office accommodation. Significant Trends A reduction in supply for good quality provincial offices along with a stable provincial economy has created good office demand which has led to rental growth with reducing tenant incentives. Tenants occupational requirements are changing with many seeking something different such as exposed mechanical services which are not normally found in provincial offices. Growth Drivers 1 Permitted Development Rights reducing regional office supply 2 Demand from both local occupiers and those relocating 3 Providing inspiring offices where tenants want to work Kents Hill Reception 6 Circle Property Plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Our Strategy Our expertise and track record in acquiring actively managing and adding value to provincial offices enables us to deliver both rental and capital growth to our shareholders. Strategy Progress 201617 Outlook 201718 Key Performance Indicator Acquisitions We buy well located short letfully or part vacant provincial offices where we are confident in the letting market. Somerset House Central Birmingham acquired in January 2016 for 7.75m. We have a strong pipeline of further regional offices under consideration. Active Management Our handson approach to asset management leads to decreasing letting voids and increasing rental income. Renegotiation of existing 10 year Compass lease in Milton Keynes for a 25 year lease increasing rent by 71.4 to 1.5m. Likeforlike income on core investment portfolio up 18.6 over the year. Low vacancy rate of 1 within core investment portfolio. Property valuations up 19.7 as a result of active asset management.