This programme has proven extremely successful helping to increase the use of our credit cards by 79.4 yearonyear. On the corporate side we continue to enhance our product offerings. To better serve our customers we are currently developing comprehensive brokerage and corporate advisory services aiming to offer corporate clients a onestop shop. On the MSME side we launched a new financing programme called Startuperi for earlystage companies. The programme aims to support startups not only financially but also by providing nonfinancial services including training sessions master classes and special discounts with TBC Banks partners. I am delighted with the firstyear results of our newly acquired business TBC Insurance which grew rapidly in 2017. The number of customers increased to around 277000 from just 3000 at the time of the acquisition in October 2016. Our market share excluding health insurance reached 13.3 3 as of 31 December 2017 compared with 3.5 3 as of 31 December 2016 making us the thirdlargest player on the market and the secondlargest player in retail segment with market share of 28.9 3. Macroeconomic overview 2017 was quite a successful year for Georgias economy. The countrys GDP growth rate almost doubled from the levels seen over the past two years reflecting improvements in the external environment and continued domestic reform efforts which helped to strengthen the confidence of consumers and businesses in the country. In 2017 Georgias GDP grew by around 5.0 4 placing the country among the fastestgrowing economies in CEE as well as in the CIS region. Improved macroeconomic performance across all directions was reflected in the sovereign credit rating of the country. In September 2017 Moodys upgraded Georgias credit rating to Ba2 from Ba3 previously with the stable outlook. An improved trade and investment relationships together with strengthened banking supervision framework were named as underlying factors of the improved credit rating. Fitch also revised Georgias credit rating outlook from stable to positive in March 2018 to reflect accelerating growth and improved resilience of the economy. Georgia continues to benefit from its open trade policies with all major economic players in the region. Exports of goods went up by a solid 29.1 yearonyear in 2017 reflecting the recovery witnessed among the countrys major trading partners. Starting from 2018 a freetrade agreement with China has entered into force which should give additional impetus to Georgias growing exports. Tourism remained a source of strength for Georgias economy as the number of visitors exceeded 7.5 million in 2017 which represented a significant increase on previous years. Tourism revenue surged by 26.9 yearonyear in 2017 and remained one of the countrys most important sources of foreign currency inflows. Georgias growing image as an attractive yearround tourist destination is expected to continue to drive its economy. Growth in lending and the broader economy were reinforcing each other throughout 2017. Banking sector lending to the economy increased by 17.8 yearonyear while loans to legal entities rose by 10.4 yearonyear. After the subdued growth seen in 2015 and 2016 this suggests a revival of investment activity by local companies. The continuing trend of growing employment and household disposable income contributed to the 25.7 yearonyear growth of loans to individuals. Another positive development in 2017 was the reduction of dollarisation of the banking sector reflecting joint efforts of the public and financial sectors. At the yearend the share of deposits denominated in foreign currency was down by 5.9 5 percentage points yearonyear at 65.3 while the share of loans denominated in foreign currency was down by 8.3 5 percentage points yearonyear at 57.1. Lower dollarisation together with a proven track record of sound macro and micro risk management have further supported the resilience of the banking sector which traditionally positioned itself with high capital liquidity and profitability ratios low levels of nonperforming loans as well as a prudent regulatory framework. Strategic priorities Our strategic priorities for the coming years include deepening our relationships with customers and delivering sustainable growth further developing the digital capabilities of our multichannel platform continuing to improve our customer experience increasing operating efficiency and automation proactively managing our net interest margin in the context of market maturity competition and regulatory initiatives. To strengthen our relationships with customers we actively engage with them and offer an innovative range of products and services to maintain our leading positions. Currently our retail customer base is more than 2 million people which is around 75 of Georgias adult population providing us with vast opportunities to crosssell and move clients further along our value chain. In parallel to deepening our relationships with clients we consistently provide a superior customer experience as measured by the net promoter 6 and customer satisfaction 6 scores. On these metrics TBC Bank ranks the highest in the Georgian banking industry. Moreover we have one of the top net promoter scores among the leading service industries in the country. As digital channels are vital to our longterm success our team strives to further enhance our digital multichannel capabilities and offer reliable solutions to our customers. The number of transactions conducted via digital channels continues to grow especially in mobile banking and selfservice terminals indicating customers preferred digital channels. I am confident that we are well positioned to implement our strategy. For the medium term we maintain our guidance as follows annual loan book growth of around 15 return on equity target of 20 or more cost to income ratio of below 40 dividend payout ratio of 2535 of consolidated net profit. Acknowledgement In 2017 we made significant progress towards achieving our goals. I would like to thank all my colleagues for their dedicated hard work and commitment. Over the past 25 years we as a team have worked hard to build a success story. I am confident that we will continue to develop and set new standards for the regions 1 banking industry in 2018 and beyond.