We are therefore delighted to have delivered such a strong underlying EBITDA performance up 172 excluding the Web Apps and License segment further demonstrating the excellent performance of our business model. Operational update In March 2017 we acquired CyberGhost a leading cybersecurity SaaS provider with a focus on the provision of virtual private network VPN solutions. The acquisition was successfully integrated into Kape by June 2017 and I am delighted to report made a positive net profit contribution in the year of 1.5 million. With CyberGhost now consolidated into the larger Kape operation we have been successful in generating significant synergies and delivering superior customer traction postintegration with our digital user acquisition platform. This resulted in an increase in CyberGhosts user base by over 30 compared to December 2016 and the last quarter of 2017 saw record sales for the business in terms of volume and EBITDA. We have grown Kapes product portfolio this year and it now consists of four main products the CyberGhost VPN a SaaS product as well as the Reimage PC DriverAgent and Reimage for Mac which are purchased on a onetime and yearly unlimited use basis with a technical support component. We have started to implement a SaaS model in the Reimage PC and expect to see the results of this change towards the end of 2018 when the licences come up for renewal. In addition we started to utilise the growth in our product offering and user base and we now offer to purchase CyberGhost and Reimage as a package providing our customers the best in class products in one place. 172 underlying Adjusted EBITDA 5 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STRATEGIC REPORT TARGET MARKET User acquisition 01 Funnel expertise PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS 02 Rent onUpsell EXISTING CUSTOMERS 03 02 PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS 01 TARGET MARKET 03 EXISTING CUSTOMERS User acquisition Advanced user acquisition technology and leveraging of digital marketing platform Utilise extensive network to drive users to our products Leverage wide user base for indirect user acquisition Highly efficient method to drive traffic Organic High brand awareness drives users to our products Referrals from existing customers Consumers go directly to our product websites or search for our product as a result of growing media presence Funnel expertise Proprietary data driven automatic funnel Ongoing customisation of product Automatic personalisation of user journey Proprietary targeting of purchase process Rent onUpsell Once acquired provide a subscription model to grow customers LTV Provide servicing such as remote technician and 247 support to increase customer retention Convert users to additional Kape products by channelling customers to further owned software solutions Increase the value of the user 6 KAPE TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS We have also been successful in growing our paying user base for Reimage and DriverAgent by over 18 and introduced a subscription based payment model. We also launched a Mac version of Reimage in September 2017 to complement our highly successful PC solution. We believe this new release will substantially grow our potential addressable market for this product. Given our focus on further strengthening our SaaS business model 2018 will be the first year we are able to generate significant revenues from our existing customer base. Therefore during 2018 we expect to deliver 8.0 million of recurring income from existing users 2 which greatly improves both the visibility and quality of our earnings. Cybersecurity market Management identified the consumer cybersecurity space as presenting a significant opportunity for Kape as a sizeable growth market with few nimble B2C focusedplayers that can easily adapt to the everchanging digital landscape. As the internet has become increasingly central to peoples lives and concurrently hacking has also evolved significantly the sharing of data online is posing an increasing threat to individuals online security. In 2004 the global cybersecurity market was worth 3.5 billion and in 2017 it was worth over 120 billion representing growth of over 35 times in 13 years with key growth drivers including 3 a growing number of internet users to c. 3.17 billion globally increased network and WiFi connectivity across the world commercial entities increasingly collecting personal data cybercrime targeting individuals not just enterpriselevel hacks heightened regulatory uncertainty around privacy and online security and the emergence of the Internet of Things. The proliferation of internet users has led to a sizeable B2C cybersecurity marketplace with the addressable market for personal digital safety in 2018 estimated to be 10 billion. Kape is wellplaced to capitalise on the increasing awareness of individuals to protect both their privacy and security online as the Company has endto end control over the user journey by leveraging its digital marketing technology and expertise. The Companys renewed focus on the consumer cybersecurity market is increasingly coming to fruition as evidenced by the strong performance of Kapes core divisions and existing software solutions in 2017. This coupled with the acquisition and successful integration and performance of CyberGhost is a real testament to our ability to deliver in the cybersecurity space. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW CONTINUED To implement the change in business model and focus on profitability growth and earning predictability we have instated five key performance indicators which guide how we measure the success of our operations across the business deferred income adjusted operating cash flow retention rate paying users and premium subscriptions. Deferred income and adjusted operating cash flow are key measures as they demonstrate the true value of each product purchase from our customers given that they recognise the benefits across the lifetime of the contract. Paying users and premium subscriptions represent our ability to grow our customer base and we expect these to grow over time. The retention rate is an indication of the quality of our service and products and our aim is for this to remain constant over time and improve in the medium term.