This is an exciting time to be part of Van Elle as we seek to build on the performance outlined in these accounts. As a profitable and fastgrowing geotechnical engineering company I am confident that the Company has an exciting year ahead. The Board looks forward to meeting shareholders at the Annual General Meeting AGM on 12 September 2017. Adrian Barden NonExecutive Chairman 25 July 2017 This is an exciting time to be part of Van Elle as we seek to build on the momentum from the current year. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 3453 STRATEGIC REPORT 0133 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5484 05 VAN ELLE HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Dear Shareholder This year will stand out as being transformational in the development of Van Elle. We successfully joined AIM the junior market of the London Stock Exchange on 26 October 2016 after extensive preparations. This step is important for the Group as not only does it give us access to equity capital markets as we seek to grow the business but it has also resulted in enhanced governance and improved discipline which we implemented in preparation for our IPO. You have already heard from our Chairman on the appointments to the Board and the corporate governance report details many of the changes and improvements that have already been made. I would also like to echo the words of our Chairman and take this opportunity to thank our founders Michael and Joan for their vision and hard work over the last 33 years and to reassure them that the business is in safe hands as they enjoy their well earned retirement. Delivering the strategy Van Elles strategy can be framed quite simply as Driving Profitable Growth. We aim to grow the business by broadening our range of products and services and extending our geographical footprint into highgrowth markets. This will be achieved both organically and selectively through acquisitions. Capital investment has been a key driver of our growth with a further 11.8m spent in the current year bringing the total to 31.5m over the last three years. Our rig fleet now stands at 111 rigs 2016 98 rigs and we believe that Van Elle has the broadest and most modern range of specialist piling rigs in the market. Some of our recent additions and innovations are detailed within the strategic overview on page 13. Following our successful move into rail infrastructure and after swiftly becoming one of the sectors leading ontrack ground engineering specialists we have recently completed works on our new test track located at our KirkbyinAshfield site. As one of the largest privately owned specialist facilities in the country it is designed to enable us to test equipment develop new techniques and practice for complex projects. There is no other UK specialist putting such time and resource into developing innovative solutions for the UKs rail network. As part of our continued development the Group is launching its own training academy to deliver an unequalled standard of training to all industry professionals and companies. Our brand new stateoftheart purposebuilt training facility is due for completion late summer 2017. To extend our geographical footprint we have recently invested in a new factory offices and a maintenance depot in Blantyre near Glasgow. We often work on large schemes in Scotland and Chief Executives review A transformational year in the development of Van Elle The admission to AIM has given Van Elle an elevated platform from which to drive the business forward. Turnover growth of 11.8 Expanded service offering into Scotland Increased rig fleet from 98 to 111 Inhouse precast concrete production doubled to 5.0m Smartfoot sales to housebuilders up 57 Turnover growth of 11.8 Expanded service offering in Scotland Increased rig fleet from 98 to 111 Inhouse precast concrete production doubled to 5.0m Smartfoot sales up 57 Highlights 06 VAN ELLE HOLDINGS PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT manufacturing our Smartfoot precast ground beams locally will ensure that mobilisation costs are minimised whilst also delivering environmental benefits which is key for our housebuilding partners. We are always looking for ways in which we can improve and we see this commitment to Scotland as the next step in delivering a truly comprehensive service for years to come. We continue to pursue acquisition opportunities and discussions are ongoing with several interested parties. We have discounted certain targets due to unrealistic price expectations and lack of fit however there remains a positive pipeline of good opportunities. Trading performance I am pleased that we successfully grew revenues by 11.8 in the year to 94.1m 2016 84.2m our fourth successive year of doubledigit revenue growth. UK construction output grew by 2.2 for the same period reflecting our view that we continue to grow our market share. We also maintained our record of profitable growth since 2010. We report in detail on the financial performance of Van Elle during the year on pages 30 to 33. In terms of our performance in the end markets sales to the housebuilding sector were up 24.4 to 42.5m 2016 34.2m and infrastructure sector were up 17.3 to 28.9m 2016 24.6m. Sales to the commercial and industrial sector reduced by 17.0 to 18.8m 2016 22.7m which was in part a reflection of some shortterm market uncertainty and the deferral or cancellation of several projects but also reflects the completion of several large education and retail projects by the Company in the previous year. The ability to redirect resources to reflect shortterm trends in our markets is a key strength of the business mitigating the impact of a slowdown in any one sector. As we reported in March 2017 the Group experienced a challenging period in its rail business during the fourth quarter with the start dates for several contracts delayed and expected calloff and work distribution schedules revised.