I began by listing some of the many achievements we have accomplished in the year but to do all this whilst ensuring we did not take our eye off the ball is a testament to the creativity skill fortitude and hard work of the very talented men and women that make up Dixons Carphone. I would like to take this opportunity to offer my humble and heartfelt thanks to them. Sebastian James Group Chief Executive 16 July 2015 Dixons Carphone plc Annual Report and Accounts 201415 Strategic report Our markets 7 The integration of connectivity products and services was central to the Merger rationale for Carphone Warehouse and Dixons Retail into Dixons Carphone and we operate across a variety of distinct marketplaces such as mobile consumer electronics and business to business operations via the Connected World Services division. In mobile the Group is well placed in particular in the UK to offer impartial advice on a vast array of propositions. The markets in which the Group operates are served by mobile network operators and independent and generalist retailers. In the UK we have seen a major market withdrawal with the exit of Phones 4u. As a result our market share improved in particular in the higher value postpay segments. The Group is positioned to improve this further as the only nationwide independent channel with multiyear contracts with all the major MNOs. Mobile telephony has evolved rapidly from simple mobile devices to sophisticated hardware with advanced computing functionality. There is a wide choice of operating platforms and network options for customers which makes the Groups expert and impartial proposition particularly relevant. MNOs across Western Europe have been investing significantly in the development of their 4G network infrastructures. 4G technology facilitates much faster downloads providing comparable levels of performance to many WiFi networks and providing a much better platform for streaming than 3G. MNOs have seen significantly increased levels of data usage a trend which we see continuing as network quality improves and more and more devices become capable of communicating with one another. MNOs will continue to roll out their 4G networks with nationwide coverage expected in the UK by the end of 2015. To benefit from 4G services customers need 4Genabled devices and as 4G network coverage improves in Western Europe there is an incentive for customers to upgrade their services providing a stimulus to the replacement cycle as penetration of 4G devices and tariffs increase. After several years of downward pressure on ARPU increased data usage provides an exciting opportunity for MNOs. The internet plays an important part of customers purchasing journey for mobile. The majority of customers research online before making a purchase. Online sales continue to grow as a proportion of sales and represent between 5 and 20 of total retail sales for the Groups markets. Customers continue to value the advice available within stores on the many choices open to them. The electrical retail market can be split between specialist electrical retailers such as Dixons Carphone and general retailers which sell certain electrical goods as part of a wider offering. The market can also be broken down into two distinct distribution channels assisted and unassisted. In the assisted channel specialist retailers such as Dixons Carphone help customers through the buying process in the form of product advice addon services delivery and installation. The unassisted channel which includes single channel internet retailers as well as general retailers tends not to offer all of these services. Specialist electrical retailers are the predominant destination for customers in the European consumer electrical market. Buying groups general merchants and independents also have a retail presence through stores and or online. The market is served by a relatively small number of global manufacturers supplying goods to local regional national and international electrical retailers. We have seen some significant shifts in capacity in many of our markets in recent years with some mass merchandisers reducing space for electrical products some single channel internet operators deemphasising certain segments as well as some specialists exiting the market. These shifts have helped us to gain market share and it underpins our view that a strong service led multichannel operation satisfies both customer and supplier needs while delivering a sustainable business as customer shopping habits continue to evolve. We believe further consolidation will occur in some of our markets. The internet has established itself as a fundamental part of the retail landscape. It brings enhanced product information as well as price comparability. It is becoming an important part of the buying process for customers particularly for large ticket discretionary products. Larger retailers with an integrated multichannel bricks and clicks offer with scalable distribution and systems together with proven after sales service and support are increasingly attractive to customers. Our collectstore service where customers can order on the internet and collect from a convenient store at a time to suit them and our paycollect service where customers can access a wider range of products than is typically available in their local store for either home delivery or later collection from the store are both proving to be increasingly popular. The UK and Nordic markets have high broadband penetration and a maturing online sales platform. The increase in online penetration provides us with the opportunity to increase both the range of goods on offer and the availability of product information. Our multichannel approach is well placed to exploit synergies between our internet sites and stores. Innovation brings new products with improved functionality that drive sales growth. These include 4K Ultra High Definition and Smart TVs wearable technology tablets as well as converging products that combine the flexibility of a tablet with a keyboard. Content such as social media apps digital media and cloud computing also help to drive hardware innovation and replacement. Product sales are driven by structural shifts such as analogue to digital and standard format through to Ultra HD television.