Integration progress A key driver behind the transaction that created TP ICAP was the identification of synergies inherent in its combination. At the time of announcement of the transaction we estimated this to be 60m per year with the full runrate to be achieved over three years. This has subsequently increased to a stretch target of 100m per year to be reached by 2020. The majority of these savings come from support and infrastructure areas. Launching the integration was our top priority in 2017 and by the end of that first year we achieved annualised runrate savings of 52m per year. We started the integration by appointing a unified senior management team made up of the best people from the two firms. TP ICAP Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 Strategic report Single leaders for divisional functional and corporate support areas were key to providing early clarity and direction to the organisation. At the same time we moved quickly to constitute our governance structures committees policies and procedures. We have created single support functions in Finance Legal Risk Compliance and HR successfully colocated support staff and removed duplication. We have migrated our finance systems on to a single general ledger platform rationalised our internal approvals processes brought in globally aligned Know Your Customer and anti money laundering policies and consolidated our swap execution facilities SEFs from three to two We have also embarked on the process of reducing the large number of redundant legal entities in the new combined corporate structure. In 2018 we are moving to phase 2 of the integration programme which will take us increasingly from integration to transformation. Not only do we aim to combine the infrastructure platforms of the two businesses but we seek to optimise and transform our operations to create a more efficient and scalable corporate function infrastructure. We will increase our capabilities and headcount in our Support Services Centre in Belfast as part of this programme. We also plan to extract efficiencies from procurement and from our noncompensation expense base. In mid2018 we will move in to our new US Headquarters in Lower Manhattan where all our New York brokers will be located under one roof. In addition our combined UK based Energy Commodities team will be housed in a single location in Londons West End. There are other office moves planned including a new London office in early 2019. Business development Our business lines are organised into four global divisions Global Broking Energy Commodities Data Analytics and Institutional Services and they all have inherent growth opportunities in 2018. Global Broking is the largest contributor to revenues and profits in the Group. Our focus is very much on increasing productivity through a range of initiatives including adopting and leveraging technology selective new hires active management of underperformers and a few selective desk mergers to leverage stronger relationships and liquidity pools where appropriate. We provide our customers with efficient and effective ways of trading via multiple protocols such as Central Limit Order Books CLOB Volume Matching Crossing Solutions and Request For Quote RFQ. The Electronic Markets team is an integral part of the Global Broking division and is responsible for improving hybrid platform functionality developing pureelectronic services and enhancing our clients workflows. In 2017 our electronic Volume Matching platforms were functionally enriched and deployed into new products globally resulting in record traded volumes and revenues were up 30 yearonyear. We launched an RFQ platform for FX Options delivering a hybrid workflow with effective price discovery and the ability to disseminate liquidity to the market through an Applications Programme Interface API. Our brokers remain vital to our clients and key to our success and we focus on retaining star performers. While average broker payouts as a percentage of commissions declined again in 2017 actual revenue and contribution per broker rose. TP ICAP is the worlds largest Energy Commodities broker with offices in 20 locations globally and coverage of a very broad set of products across three brands T ullett Prebon ICAP and PVM. It also has our most diverse customer base with nearly 90 of its revenue coming from nonbanking clients such as commodity producers and consumers refiners energy companies utilities hedge funds asset managers and trading companies. TP ICAP ended 2017 a larger stronger and more confident business. Our Group is more diverse in product offering and client reach than ever before To read our Financial and operating review see p1835 www.tpicap.com 13 Strategic report Governance report Financial statements Chief Executives review continued Average revenue per broker is the highest in this division. In January 2018 we acquired SCS Brokers a USbased oil and softs brokerage company. We are consolidating seven back office deal management systems into one global platform. As in other parts of our business we invest in technology taking opportunities to deploy innovative solutions to give our clients the best service. In 2017 the Coalition survey of major bank revenues noted that commodities revenues have reached their lowest levels since 2006 because of ongoing weakness in energy products lower volatility reduced client activity and trading underperformance. Despite this difficult environment we retained our leading position. With our diversified portfolio of businesses we are wellplaced to take advantage of any increased market activity. We plan to continue to grow our presence through recruiting more brokers. At the same time we will continue to make the business more efficient and continue to invest in our platforms. We are enthusiastic about the prospects for our Data Analytics business because it stands to benefit from rising demand for independent pricing products. We already represent the broadest global coverage in proprietary neutral OTC data generated by our execution divisions and we see the opportunity to add value through enhancing this existing dataset. We also have the potential to reach a wider customer base through the use of new technologies.