Our online performance continues to grow with signicant increases in conversion rates and sales driven by the launch of our fully responsive website particularly through mobile and tablet channels. There are also opportunities to exploit online international growth and to grow and develop our UK store estate. The UK store refurbishment programme is nearing completion with positive results seen from retted stores compared to nonretted stores. Retted stores are achieving our three year payback target and an enhanced customer experience. STRATEGIC REVIEW 6 I MOSS BROS GROUP PLC shop online at www.mossbros.co.uk STRATEGIC REVIEW CONTINUED MULTICHANNEL BUSINESS MODEL Retail Hire Stores Ecommerce People The first choice for mens tailoring Supply chain and Infrastructure In order that staff throughout the business are inspired and motivated to work to achieve the strategy and objectives of the business we have launched an initiative to articulate these to the wider business. The initiative titled The Moss Bros Way is centred on four themes Proud to Sell Customer for Life Passionate Experts Winning Teams RETAIL There are 105 Moss Bros stores 201516 101 in total and 22 Moss Bros outlet stores 201516 23 as at 28 January 2017 which trade Moss Bros own brands and carefully selected third party brands including Hugo Boss Canali Ted Baker DKNY and French Connection where the store prole demonstrates a demand for this type of product. The vast majority of the stores also have a Moss Bros Hire store within a store operation within them In parallel with operational improvements we have continued to review the positioning of the Moss Bros brand with current and potential customers and the overall perceived value of the offering. The concept of Moss Bros for Hire Ready to Wear or Bespoke underpins our vision to be the rst choice for mens tailoring. HIRE Moss Bros Hire is the market leader in the UK hire market and the number one recognised name for hire. We had 124 Moss Bros Hire outlets as at 28 January 2017 201516120 all contained within core Moss Bros Retail and Savoy Taylors Guild Stores. The gross margin for Hire has seen a small decline in recent years as a result of improvements in quality assurance and more thorough garment nishing within the dry cleaning process along with the shorter life of ner fabrics used for our most contemporary Hire ranges. This has improved customer experience and underpinned the Hire business. MOSS BROS GROUP PLC Annual Report Accounts 201617 I 7 ECOMMERCE During 2016 we launched a fully responsive website which automatically optimises itself for the device upon which a customer is browsing. We are seeing improved customer conversion as a result. Our international reach has been refocused on local currency websites in the USA the Republic of Ireland and Australia. Our transactional Hire website continues to grow with group booking functionality gaining traction. Whilst still at an early stage of growth the results are encouraging and there is strong evidence of wedding hire customers beginning their journey online before engaging with our store estate to complete the transaction. Based on experience to date a number of further enhancements are planned for 2017 to improve customer experience and grow the business. SUPPLY CHAIN AND COSTS The buying team continually assesses supplier performance to ensure the most commercially benecial results for the Group and to minimise lead times. Over the last few years we have broadened direct sourcing from China and neighbouring countries and continued to achieve better buying margins and product quality. Costs remain tightly controlled with all expenditure carefully planned and monitored. With a continued increase in sales the focus has shifted to process efciencies enabling us to further simplify the business. INFRASTRUCTURE Appropriate deployment of information technology is vitally important to the success of our business and in enabling the establishment of a multichannel shopping environment. We will continue to ensure that we have a exible resilient and scalable technology platform which will underpin our future business growth. Additionally we need to ensure that our customer facing technology facilitates the delivery of a consistently outstanding customer service through whichever channel a customer chooses to shop with us. The operational efciency of our distribution centre based in Barking is closely monitored. Options for improving its performance including space management are continually appraised by the operations team to streamline the business. PEOPLE The need for talented and committed people across all areas of the Group requires a continuing focus on effective recruitment induction and performance appraisal and management. Developing and nurturing talent will play a central and enhanced role in the business going forward with our People strategy gaining momentum in 2016. The launch of the Moss Bros Way in 2016 focused our culture and behaviours around common goals to further build the business and our annual companywide staff survey will help to benchmark progress. Employment policies do not discriminate between employees or potential employees on the grounds of gender colour race nationality ethnic origin national origin religion religious beliefs sexual orientation or age. It remains the Groups policy to give full and sympathetic consideration to the employment training career development and promotion of disabled employees. Special consideration is given to the continuity of employment of any employee becoming disabled after their employment has commenced and where practicable to the provision of alternative employment. 8 I MOSS BROS GROUP PLC shop online at www.mossbros.co.uk CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The Group has continued to make strong progress throughout the year. The ongoing store ret programme in 201617 means that 97 of our 127 stores were trading in the new format at the year end. This combined with our ongoing focus on product and brand development has meant that our customer offer continues to go from strength to strength. Building brand equity in this way alongside signicant improvements in our multichannel proposition leaves us well placed to capitalise on the tailoring expertise which we possess instore and online.