Equally the barriers to large scale housing projects are considerable and we have moved far in a comparatively short time. Employment levels in our selected areas of high population growth are at record highs. There is much now in the corporate tank but still more that can be achieved. We continue to work to that end. Alan Dickinson Non Executive Chairman 27 November 2017 ALAN DICKINSON NONEXE CUTIVE CHAIRMAN Placing a premium on quality and accelerated delivery. 11 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 UrbanCivic plc 12 UrbanCivic plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT IN SUMMARY Outcomes reflect stated intentions and unique Master Developer licence model. EPRA NAV up 7.1 per cent to 304.4p per share. Large site discount starting to reverse as forecast. Alconbury and Rugby prorata discount estimated at 99 million based on CBRE 150unit parcels. Equivalent to 68p per share against 71p per share at March 2017. Practical advantages of Master Developer facilitating largescale residential build strengthened by our fiveyear licences that are capital efficient to housebuilders but which require minimum annual payments that transparently underwrite annual forward receipts to UrbanCivic. Post balance sheet events reinforce clarity switch from Stansted Hotel into Priors Hall. Meanwhile political mathematics direct increasingly towards large sites witness housing reset in the Autumn Budget. Increased final dividend of 2p per share recognising progress and positive outlook. Full year 3.2p per share up 10.3 per cent. NIGEL HUGILL CHIEF EXE CUTIVE No silver bullet but significant positives. Introduction Good results. Significant positives to our enlarging business base underlined by further advantageous post balance sheet transactions and public pronouncements. EPRA net assets per share were up 7 .1 per cent to 304.4p as at 30 September 2017. EPRA net assets reached 439.3 million as compared with 409.8 million at 30 September 2016. Unlike last year the growth was divided pretty equally across the two periods. Reported pre tax profits of 7.9 million whilst down on 25.9 million in the 12 months to 30 September 2016 also showed a maturing profile. Residential property sales contributed 5.7 million to profits and will rise from here. Post balance sheet sales of the bulk of the remaining commercial assets aggregating 70 million will lift pre tax profits above trend in the first half of the current year. The core reason for establishing UrbanCivic was to provide new housing choices and accelerate supply through Master Development. In accordance with our strategy that involves creating environments in which people actively want to live and a delivery structure that encourages speed and quality from those housebuilders looking to expand output. Our results demonstrate the extent to which the Master Developer model can be seen to be working financially as well as philosophically. The recent commercial asset realisations reflect the determination of the Board to position the balance sheet in the direction that the Company holds clear competitive advantage. A proportion of sales proceeds was redeployed almost immediately in the acquisition of Priors Hall in Northamptonshire at a cost of 40.5 million. Buying from administrators is never straightforward and our new project purchase demonstrates the ability of UrbanCivic to work through large site challenges that other developers often find too daunting. Following the off market purchase earlier in the year of a 33 per cent equity interest in the near 3000 unit Wintringham project at St Neots Cambridgeshire there can be no mistaking where your Company has set its stall. The 400 acre site had been in the ownership of trusts associated with Nuffield College Oxford since the 1940s and was bequeathed by the late Lord Nuffield. UrbanCivic has taken charge of project delivery with a collective determination that the partnership can provide an appropriate financial and environmental legacy. The related opportunity lies in the prospect of taking our Master Developer model and harnessing the Nuffield experience of creating healthier lifestyles to show just what well structured new large scale projects can contribute when improved wellbeing is prioritised from the outset. 13 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 UrbanCivic plc 14 UrbanCivic plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 CHIEF EXECUTIVES STATEMENT continued 1 Strategic site delivery 2009 2014 2016 1 Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Rt Hon Sajid Javid MP visiting Rugby October 2017. 2 Minister for Housing Alok Sharma MP visiting Alconbury with HCA August 2017. Much of the difference in relative performance comes from careful project selection in the more affordable locations within 100 miles of London supported by good transport links and recognised demographics of high employment and population growth. The remainder is grounded on disciplined on site procedures honed over 30 years of large and complex project delivery. We have learnt our ways from commercial development and we are sticking with them. Our Master Developer differentiator is paving the way for new policy assumptions in the process. Following recent commercial asset sales substantively all Group project loans are ten year facilities from the UK Governments Homes and Communities Agency. The recent National Infrastructure Commission recommendations followed by the November Budget could not have been more categoric as to the requirement for additional strategic housing provision across a brain belt between Cambridge and Oxford. There is nobody better equipped in this country to deliver in those areas and at that scale than UrbanCivic. No real negatives to report other than perhaps the pipeline of Catesby monetisations has become a little held up including by post appeal judicial challenges. Introduction continued Adjusting for post balance sheet disposals and the acquisition of Priors Hall 80 per cent of property assets of the Company are now invested in strategic projects with a further 6 per cent in Catesby. I can also relay increasing enthusiasm amongst our housebuilder customers as to the reciprocal benefits of the UrbanCivic Master Developer model. Your Company is absolutely succeeding in setting aside the shibboleths too often attaching to strategic residential sites in the past.