Thirdly Serco employs over 50000 people including those at our joint venture operations the vast majority of whom are responsible for delivering on a daily basis critical and sensitive frontline services for Government. Our success therefore is dependent on how well we select manage organise motivate develop and engage the people who work for Serco. Every year we run a detailed Viewpoint employee survey to gauge how well our colleagues think we are doing and I am delighted to say that for the fourth successive year the aggregated measure of employee engagement improved again in 2017 with some 31000 people responding. You can read more about all of these points in the Chief Executives Review on pages 32 to 43. Achieving our financial targets Our initial guidance for 2017 Underlying Trading Profit was between 65m and 70m with the result of 69.8m therefore coming in at the top of that range. Supporting this we achieved our targeted cost savings through the delivery of operational efficiency improvements. Furthermore we have continued to reduce the burden of lossmaking contracts which is also paramount to ensuring sustainable profitability. Chairmans Statement 2017 has seen further progress in implementing the strategy presented to shareholders in 2015. The transformation of the business continues apace and is delivering significant improvements in our efficiency and competitiveness. Serco Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 06 After exceptional items net finance costs and tax the profit for the year was 0.1m. Net Debt at the yearend was 141m also better than our guidance at the start of the year. This equates to EBITDA leverage of 1.4x well within our mediumterm target range of 12x and comfortably below the 3.5x debt covenant requirement. You can read more about the drivers of financial performance in the Chief Executives Review with further detail provided in the Divisional Reviews on pages 44 to 49 and the Finance Review on pages 50 to 68. Targeting further progress As we look ahead to 2018 we expect Underlying Trading Profit to grow to around 80m on revenues of 2.82.9bn. Since the second half of 2016 we have been making progress on increasing our profit margin a key deliverable of successfully implementing our strategy and in 2018 we expect that further margin and profit progress will be driven largely by transformation savings. Looking further ahead we expect 2019 to be a year of further good growth in Underlying Trading Profit which is again likely to be driven by additional transformation savings. As we have said previously the rate of growth thereafter will be more dependent on our ability to grow revenues. The Strategy Review announced in March 2015 set out a long term ambition that the business could grow in line with a market which was expected to expand at a long term trend rate of 57 a year and deliver margins of 56. Our margin ambition was predicated on three conditions first reducing costs as a percentage of sales second containing losses on onerous contracts and converting a number of them into profitable contracts on rebid and thirdly increasing margins by growing revenues whilst bearing down on overheads. We remain broadly on track on costs and onerous contracts but some markets and in particular the UK are currently challenging and therefore growing more slowly than their former trend rate. We can and will partly compensate for a weaker organic revenue outlook through increased actions on the cost base and our ambitions of 57 revenue growth and 56 margin remain intact but the timing of achieving this will be dependent upon when demand reverts to trend in our target markets. Our Board Sercos Board has seen considerable change since I became Chairman in July 2015. In considering new members of the Board we have been determined to have a mix of backgrounds and experience to ensure that we have a balanced dynamic and effective Board. During the year Ralph Crosby and Angie Risley stepped down from the Board both having joined Serco during 2011. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to both Ralph and Angie for the sterling service they have given the Company through some very difficult times in particular I would like to thank Angie for her expert leadership of the Remuneration Committee. I was delighted to welcome three new NonExecutive Directors Lynne Peacock Ian ElMokadem and Kirsty Bashforth each of whom bring highly relevant and complementary skills. Lynne Peacock has assumed Chairmanship of the Remuneration Committee. The background and experience of each are detailed in the Directors Report on pages 86 to 87 and details of the selection process to the appointments are set out in the Nomination Committee Report on page 102. Ed Casey our Chief Operating Officer left Serco at the end of 2017 after 12 years of dedicated service to the Company. For the last four years Ed had been commuting weekly across the Atlantic and we quite understand his desire to return to the US where he is taking up a senior role with a company in a different sector. I would like to express the Boards appreciation for Eds significant contribution particularly in supporting the stabilisation phase of our strategy and developing our plans for the transformation phase. We do not currently intend to seek a replacement for Ed as Chief Operating Officer but will distribute his responsibilities amongst members of the Sercos Executive Committee reflecting the strength of the established senior leadership of Serco. We have continued in 2017 to further develop the effectiveness of our governance operational resilience and organisational change processes. Your Board has also been actively involved in evaluating individual bids containing a particular concentration of risks as well as meeting regularly with management responsible for the delivery of the Companys key operations and for the development of new business.