Murray Hennessy Chairman 8 September 2017 5 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Strategic report Core purpose At Abcam we are focused on providing research antibodies and other research tools to serve life scientists and enable our consumers to achieve their mission faster. These products allow research into the role of signalling and regulatory molecules and proteins in biological pathways ultimately leading to treatments for diseases such as cancer and immune deficiency disorders. Our catalogue includes approximately 112000 diverse products and including our revenues from custom products and licensing more than 40 of our total revenue is now derived from our inhouse manufactured products and innovation. Creating value From Abcams inception we have increased the value of our products by adding performance data that is readily accessible to our consumers. We are now expanding how we add value by increasing the feedback mechanisms for consumers acting on these insights and providing products for difficult targets. Broadening our offering We constantly review opportunities to expand our offering to consumers by broadening our product range improving speed to market and accessing underpenetrated consumer groups in the markets we serve. One area that has become increasingly attractive to us is broadening Abcams offerings as a development and supply partner in the diagnostics market. Although nascent we have seen some exceptional success partnering with major diagnostic companies. Our business model is designed to deliver sustainable longterm value for all our stakeholders. Our business model is designed to deliver sustainable longterm value for all our stakeholders. Consumers Our comprehensive consumer insights personalised support data and continually growing range of resources are helping to accelerate scientific discovery. Investors Operating transparently and responsibly we regularly engage with our investors. We manage our business to sustain attractive economics. Employees Essential to our success is listening to and recognising our employees achievements. Our people remain highly motivated by the opportunities we provide to gain additional skills and experience and to help advance their careers at Abcam. Suppliers and distributors We work closely with our suppliers and distributors we are transparent about how we work in terms of ethics quality the environment and general business principles and we have the same expectations of them. Local communities We support a range of local initiatives and work with organisations to share best practice and knowledge in our sector. We support young people with employment opportunities internships and work experience where possible. Pathway AAAI Binder Peptides Proteins Cellular assays Matched pairs Direct conjugates Multiplex assays Singleplex assays Learning from consumer interaction and improving offering as a result 1 3 2 Gain insights into how researchers work and what they need Prioritise highvalue pathways and targets and tailor and extend product portfolio Quickly offer what consumers need through digital and offline channels Strategic report Our business model 6 Abcam plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 A year of progress We have led Abcam further toward achieving our goal of becoming the most influential life sciences company for researchers worldwide. We remain the market leader in the primary antibody market and have grown above market in all our product categories and territories despite a highly competitive landscape. This outcome reflects our clear growth strategy strong product line and dedication from our team. Our strategy leads to longterm sustainable growth FY 2017 was another year of good progress as we continue to build on the growth strategy that we announced in 2014. Our customer feedback has never been stronger and we continue to make market share gains worldwide. To prepare for further growth we have made substantial investments in our systems and processes our facilities and our people and we continue to work hard to ensure these investments support our longterm growth aspirations. Underpinning our transformation is the solid financial foundation we have established. Overall we believe the changes we are creating will enable us to double the scale of Abcam from 2016 to 2023 in terms of the life science research influence and commercial scale of the Group. It has been a year of progress for Abcam as we have once again delivered on our financial goals. We have delivered 10 constant currency revenue growth meeting our full year guidance while continuing to invest in the longterm future of the Company. Alan Hirzel Chief Executive Officer 7 Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Abcam plc Strategic report Strategic report Chief Executive Officers review Our strategy leads to longterm sustainable growth continued We have delivered strong revenue growth with all geographic areas and main product categories performing at levels above underlying market growth rates. In a year with political uncertainty in large markets such as the US and Europe our business has remained focused on serving customers well. Our history and strengths in digital marketing continue to support our business well and we are making increasing use of data to enhance our product selection website and marketing in order to attract new customers and satisfy more needs of our existing customers. Our research useonly product catalogue revenues at reported values grew to 202.5m FY 2016 159.0m a 27.4 increase over the previous year. By product type we continue to grow primary antibody revenue ahead of the global market growth rate. Our market leading recombinant antibodies including RabMAb rabbit monoclonal antibodies are major contributors to that success. Constant currency revenues from RabMAb products are in line with our full year expectations growing by over 25 and now represent 41.5m of our total 159.8m primary research antibody revenue. With over 11000 RabMAb primary antibodies in our catalogue 10000 of which are recombinant these and other recombinant antibodies are expected to continue to play an important part in our future growth. Product quality is a priority for our customers and therefore a major focus of our work and investment at Abcam. We are investing to increase the standards and breadth of product validation including over 900 products that now benefit from market leading knockout validation.