The addition of representatives from the strategic investors to the respective boards and experienced non executive directors to others have enhanced governance and strategic insight. In terms of new opportunities we have focused our origination activities around theses or areas of competitive advantage and sourcing on a more selective group of university and federal laboratories and medical institutions with expertise in these areas in addition to leveraging our own strong networks. As part of this enhanced focus we are expanding the types of new investments we make to consider both majority and minority investments at seed or Series A rounds where the opportunity is aligned to one of our theses and where we can leverage our experience and network. Simon Davidson joined the team in June as Executive Vice President Technology Investments bringing extensive experience working with federal laboratories and government customers. He is driving focus on areas including space connectivity and data all of which leverage expertise and access derived from our current portfolio and team. Omar Amirana MD Senior Vice President Life Sciences Investments has focused on investment theses revolving around proprietary minimallyinvasive solutions for procedures with a clear reimbursement path that reduce morbidity mortality and costs. We are largely focused in areas where adoption can be dramatic such as interventional cardiology electrophysiology neuroradiology pulmonology and gastroenterology. 4 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 CEOS REPORT CONTINUED CONTINUED 2017 was a year in which we focused on strengthening and repositioning the current portfolio. In 2018 we will continue to build on the strategic priorities identified with a view to focusing on two drivers of shareholder returns Accelerate the path to commercialisationmonetisation at our top six companies and nurture progress at our earlier stage companies and Grow our new opportunity platform by increasing the number of high quality new investments. Given the disruptive innovations and significant market opportunities our subsidiaries face and the steps we have taken to strengthen and focus operations we believe that our portfolio holds the potential to deliver premium exit valuations and attractive returns to our shareholders. We believe each of our top six subsidiaries has strong sources of sustainable competitive advantage including via patent portfolios which were markedly strengthened in 2017. The highly capable experienced management teams have the necessary mix of technical and commercial skills and have a clear line of sight to the critical goals and inflection points necessary to drive value and maximise exit optionality. Strategic commercial and financial coinvestors have validated the business plans and opportunities for those companies and provided invaluable support for the management teams. I look forward to 2018 as a year in which we consolidate the hard work undertaken in 2017 and deliver further demonstrable progress against our objectives. I would like to thank our shareholders our employees and our partners and customers for their ongoing support. Jill Smith President and Chief Executive Officer 22 March 2018 5 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 Strategic Report HIGHLIGHTS HIGHLIGHTS INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS During 2017 an aggregate of 81.1 million was invested into new and existing subsidiary businesses including 64.5 million from subsidiary fundraisings with 35.1 million coming from thirdparty investment and 29.4 million from Allied Minds to support and accelerate the development of four of the Groups existing companies Federated Wireless BridgeSat HawkEye 360 and Signature Medical. o On 7 February 2017 HawkEye 360 completed the second closing of its 13.8 million Series A preferred funding round of 1.3 million adding additional investors to a syndicate including Razors Edge Ventures and a defence market leader. o On 5 May 2017 BridgeSat closed a 6.0 million Series A preferred funding round including participation from Space Angels a prominent angel investor network of experts focused on Space 2.0. o On 26 July 2017 Signature Medical completed a 2.5 million Series A preferred funding round including participation from Riot Ventures and Bose Corporation. o On 14 September 2017 Federated Wireless announced the closing of a 42.0 million Series B preferred funding. The round was led by new investors who are key members of the shared spectrum ecosystem Charter Communications NASDAQ CHTR American Tower NYSE AMT and ARRIS International plc NASDAQ ARRS and by GIC Singapores sovereign wealth fund. The balance of the raise was subscribed principally by Allied Minds and Woodford Investment Management WIM. o On 5 October 2017 Spin Transfer Technologies Inc. announced that it had secured 22.8 million of funding via a convertible bridge facility. Proceeds from the bridge are to be applied to fund development work of nextgeneration STMRAM. The convertible bridge was underwritten by Allied Minds with initial subscription of 12.7 million. The note was designed to bridge the company to the completion of a Series B round targeting strategic investors. Postperiod end on 11 January 2018 the company announced that existing shareholders Invesco Asset Management and Woodford Investment Management would subscribe for a combined 10.3 million of the bridge facility. In addition to these fundraisings 16.6 million was invested by the Group into new and other existing subsidiary businesses. CORPORATE HIGHLIGHTS On 13 March 2017 the Company appointed Jill Smith formerly a NonExecutive Director as interim CEO. Jills appointment as President and CEO was confirmed on 30 May 2017. On 29 June 2017 Allied Minds announced the appointment of Simon Davidson as Executive Vice President Technology Investments. On 19 September 2017 Allied Minds announced the appointment of Harry Rein as an Independent Non Executive Director. 6 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 HIGHLIGHTS CONTINUED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Net cash and investments of 169.1 million 2016 226.1 million of which 84.2 million 2016 136.7 million is held at the parent level. includes funds in form of fixed income securities. Revenues of 5.0 million 2016 2.7 million mainly from nonrecurring engineering NRE and service contracts reflecting the early stage nature of our portfolio of subsidiary businesses.