A longer duration of illness and treatment often in hospitals increases health care costs as well as the economic burden on families and societies. A n t i m ic r o b i a l r e s i s ta n ce jeopardizes health care gains to society The achievements of modern medicine are put at risk by antimicrobial resistance. Without effective antimicrobials for prevention and treatment of infections the success of organ transplantation cancer chemotherapy and major surgery would be compromised. Antimicrobial resistance Fact sheet N194 15 July 2015 WHO CEOs operational and strategic review XF73 is potent against all strains tested of Staphylococcus aureus including MRSAs killing the bacteria so rapidly that no bacterial resistance has been observed. Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 10 The XF drug platform has a novel ultrarapid mechanism that reduces the chance of bacteria becoming resistant to its action. Destiny Pharmas XF platform has advantages over traditional antibiotics Antibiotic XF drug Ultrarapid bacterial kill within minutes X MRSA unable to become resistant to drug action X Potential for widespread use X Kills all antibiotic resistant grampositive bacteria tested X Kills any stage of bacterial growth including bacterial biofilms X FDA QIDP Fast Track status The key potential benefits are significant Ultrarapid bacteria kill Studies have shown the XF drugs killing bacteria in vitro in less than 15 minutes faster acting than standard antibiotics currently in use. Ability to kill bacteria in any growth phase This is an important feature as bacteria are not always actively growing. XF drugs are able to kill bacteria even when dormant. Ability to kill bacteria within staphylococcal bacterial biofilms Biofilms are an increasing problem that are poorly treated by current drugs as they act as a protective barrier for bacteria. They are associated with indwelling medical devices for example heart valves and joint replacements and invasive medical devices for example catheters and endoscopes. Active against all grampositive bacteria tested to date and selected gramnegative bacteria This includes clinically important and infectioncausing strains such as Staphylococcus aureus Listeria monocytogenes Propionibacterium acnes Group G Streptococcus Mycobacterium tuberculosis Streptococcus pneumonia Bacillus anthracis Yersinia pestis Acinetobacter baumannii Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Clostridium difficile. All existing antibiotic resistant strains of grampositive bacteria tested to date are susceptible to XF drugs including MRSA. No bacterial MRSA resistance is seen to emerge No bacterial MRSA resistance was seen to emerge in a landmark in vitro study of bacterial resistance that compared XF73 to standard antibiotics currently in use. The bacteria MRSA did not demonstrate any resistance to XF73 even after 55 repeat exposures being the longest repeat exposure study published as far as the company is aware. In contrast MRSA rapidly developed significant resistance to a range of antibiotics tested. A second study using clinical bacterial samples from a clinical trial of XF73 provided the first clinical data supporting the same no resistance profile. The XF drugs can therefore potentially operate within existing antibiotic markets and may also be able to open new preventative and therapeutic drug markets that are closed to or restricted for traditional antibiotics because of the existence andor threat of AMR. This threat means that antibiotics have to be used sparingly to limit the development of bacterial resistance. Our platform XF drug platform has unique properties Financial statements Governance Strategic report Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 11 Prevention of postsurgical staphylococcal infection Prevention of staphylococcal hospitalventilator pneumonia infection Treatment of skin burn wound infections of antibiotic resistant bacteria Treatment of bacterial biolmassociated infections eg cystic brosis XF73 Nasal XF73 Throat XF70 Dermal XF70 Lung Preclinical Phase 1 Discovery Phase 2a Destiny Pharmas XF drug pipeline includes a number of preventative and therapeutic medicines at clinical and preclinical development stages and a portfolio of additional patentprotected assets available to enter inhouse development andor partnership collaborations. Our lead asset XF73 has started the next stage in its clinical development in April 2018. The plan is to complete the required Phase 1 studies and an important Phase 2b clinical study to deliver a Phase 3 ready data set later in 2019. Earlier pipeline assets will also be developed and the company aims to bring one other programme to Phase 1 by the end of 2019. Our pipeline Destiny Pharma is focused on markets restricted or blocked by antibiotic resistance CEOs operational and strategic review continued Destiny Pharma plc Annual Report and Financial Statements 2017 12 Multi drugresistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa can be deadly for patients in critical care. An estimated 51000 healthcareassociated infections are caused by this bacteria in the United States each year. Clinical data from the XF73 nasal programme is strong Following a review of clinical trial data on XF73 exeporfinium chloride it was awarded Qualifying Infectious Disease Product QIDP status in October 2015 by the FDA. Within the QIDP award the FDA also confirmed a new US disease indication for XF73 namely the prevention of postsurgical staphylococcal infections including MRSA. This represents a new US market for which no existing product is approved. QIDP status identifies XF73 as a drug that is intended to treat serious or lifethreatening infections including those caused by antibiotic resistant pathogens. Destiny Pharma has completed five successful Phase 12a clinical trials with XF73. The most recent trial was conducted in the US and was funded by the US governments expert division on antimicrobial drugs the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases NIAID who reported the successful outcome from this trial in September 2016. In Europe and the US the company has completed five successful Phase 1 studies. These trials in addition to the latest US trial have provided the following data supporting an attractive new product profile for XF73.