Results are already starting to come with around 40m in procurement savings and an 85m reduction in working capital of which 52m is reduction in total stock over the past year helping us to fund investment in growth. And Im convinced there is more to follow over the next 12 months and beyond. WE HAVE INCRE A SED OUR RD SPEND TO 4.6 OF RE VENUE AND CRE ATED A CENTR AL INNOVATION FUND TO BUILD DIGITAL C A P A B I LIT Y Smiths Group plc Annual Report 2017 17 STRA TEGIC REPORT performance in FY2018 to be weighted towards the second half. Growth in John Cranes nonoil and gas markets as well as an increase in aftermarket activities is expected to more than offset the challenging market conditions in oil and gas. We expect the introduction of new products during the year to support a gradual improvement in Smiths Medical. In Smiths Detection we anticipate a strong second halfdriven by the transportation market which will generate good growth for the year as a whole. In Smiths Interconnect our focus on fewer highergrowth end markets will support further good progress in this division while FlexTek is expected to deliver continued steady growth. We are increasingly confident that were establishing the operating model for excellence and leadership capability to deliver longterm sustainable growth and attractive returns. Dividend The Board is recommending a final dividend per share of 29.70p giving a total dividend for the year of 43.25p an increase of 3 yearonyear. The final dividend will be paid on 17 November to shareholders registered at close of business on 20 October. The ex dividend date is 19 October. Weve made good progress on our journey to establishing Smiths as one of the worlds leading technology companies over the past year and Id like to sincerely thank my 22000 colleagues around the world for their dedication contribution and absolute professionalism. I look forward to reporting further progress in the coming months. ANDY REYNOLDS SMITH CHIEF EXECUTIVE Technology is moving faster than ever before and were committed to being at the cutting edge. Its essential that were technology leaders defining new ways to bring value to our customers and developing new business models for the future. Developing a culture of innovation with an ecosystem to drive faster development and commercialisation of new products is crucial to our success today and tomorrow. Our Groupwide innovation framework i 3 will consistently drive increased smarter investment in RD and convert it into sales more quickly. I believe that it will differentiate us in our markets make our customers happier and make us sustainable. We have already increased our RD spend to 4.6 of revenue and created a central Innovation Fund to build digital and other disruptive technology capabilities such as 3D printing and nano technology and create critical mass where individual divisional efforts would be subscale. We have announced two digital forges with one in Silicon Valley and another planned in London to help accelerate our digital transformation. These forges are global centres of excellence helping us define new digital business models and build Groupwide capability in areas of focus including artificial intelligence analytics and data security. This is not just about planning for the future we are already generating meaningful revenue from digital. Nor is it just digital technology to complement existing businesses its about defining new business models for the future and ensuring we are ahead on the capabilities they will require. I was also pleased to announce our strategic partnership with Microsoft to further accelerate our market leading artificial intelligence based detection capability in the ports and borders market. The final critical area of focus for us is people our one true source of sustainable competitive advantage. Our people plan is aimed at building a learning organisation that attracts retains develops engages and inspires the very best people around the world to deliver our ambition. Weve made good progress during the year including launching a new leadership development programme in partnership with UCLA Anderson Executive Education a new approach to measuring employee engagement a Groupwide communication plan to help everyone understand the part they play and the adoption of our new Smiths Way of working including shared values and approaches to how we do things across the world. Those shared values of integrity respect ownership customer focus and passion underpin our commitment to doing the right thing every time no matter our role. Keeping our people safe is our top priority and Im particularly proud of our performance this year with our lowest ever Recordable Incident Rate. That said I truly believe that any injury is one too many and we will continue to strive for our goal of zero harm. Looking ahead The progress delivered in executing our strategy through portfolio repositioning and disciplined organic and inorganic investment has ensured that were well positioned for the Group to return to growth in FY2018. As in previous years we expect Group WEVE MADE GOOD PROGRESS ON OUR JOURNE Y TO ESTABLISH SMITHS A S ONE OF THE WORLDS LE ADING TECHNOLOGY C O MP A NIE S Smiths Group plc Annual Report 2017 18 CHIE F F INAN CIAL O F F I CE RS R E V IE W O U R F IN A N C I A L S T R AT EG Y I S D E S I G NE D T O S U P P O R T T HE D E L I V E R Y O F T HE W ID E R C O R P O R AT E S T R AT EG Y.