In September 2016 we were pleased to announce the acquisition of MC Trustees which is an excellent fit with our existing pension business and has contributed positively to the Groups trading result for the year. We believe further consolidation within our core markets remains likely and our strong balance sheet gives us the flexibility to make further valueenhancing acquisitions. Strong revenue growth in the year translated into growth in Adjusted EPS of 11.4 to 34.1p 2016 30.6p. We are proud of the strong shareholder returns we have delivered and remain committed to growing the dividend while maintaining an appropriate level of dividend cover. Accordingly the Board is pleased to recommend the payment of an increased final dividend of 9.4p per share 2016 8.65 p. This makes a proposed total dividend for the year of 14.1p 2016 12.5p a yearonyear increase of 12.8. 4 Excludes assets under management by Amati Global Investors Limited. Adjusted EPS 34.1p 2016 30.6p 11.4 Proposed total dividend 14.1p 2016 12.5p 12.8 Delivering sustainable shareholder returns Mattioli Woods plc Annual Report 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3 The market The past 12 months have seen changes in many respects. The General Election result created fresh speculation around the shape of Brexit and regulatory changes continue at considerable pace. Our immediate focus is on ensuring that we are fully compliant with those changes already in train such as the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II MiFID II the General Data Protection Regulations GDPR and the Senior Managers Regime SMR. The Financial Conduct Authority FCA published its final report on the asset management market in June 2017 confirming its assessment that there is weak price competition in the asset management industry. In addition the FCA has said it will assess firms vertical integration and the entire value chain of investing as well as the platform market in its upcoming platform market review. Improving client outcomes and reducing client costs are key objectives of ours and we strongly support the FCAs objectives of increased transparency and better alignment of interests between fund managers and investors. Our strategy Our strategy remains focused on the pursuit of strong organic growth supplemented by strategic acquisitions that enhance value and broaden or deepen our expertise and services. Our distribution channels include our consultancy team a nationwide network of professional introducers and increasingly our workplace financial educational programmes. Investment in our bespoke pension administration and wealth management platform continues in line with expected spend while we continue to review the possibility of moving to a hosted IT infrastructure which may offer improved data security business continuity and scalability for future growth. Construction of our new central Leicester office which will provide our staff with a modern working environment and capacity for further growth remains scheduled to complete around the end of this calendar year with the move from our existing offices scheduled for the second quarter of 2018. Costs are in line with expectations. Our focus is on ensuring we continue to address our clients changing needs and our ambition is to see our brand become an even stronger force in the UK financial services sector. Our people As an Investors in People company we are committed to developing our people and building the capacity to deliver sustainable growth. In the last financial year we moved into larger premises in London and opened a new office in Manchester strengthening Mattioli Woods position in the North West following the acquisition of Prestonbased financial advisory firm Taylor Patterson in the prior financial year. I would like to thank all our staff for their continued commitment enthusiasm and professionalism in dealing with our new and existing clients affairs. Governance and the board The Board is committed to developing the corporate governance and management structures of the Group to ensure they continue to meet the changing needs of the business. Following my appointment as the Groups first independent NonExecutive Chairman we carried out internal and external reviews of the effectiveness of the Board its subcommittees and the Groups senior executive management framework. We have created a new Senior Executive Team SET GO to execute the strategy determined by the Board bringing together a senior team with responsibility for all our key operational areas. In addition we have reduced the size of our Board to eliminate duplication between the Board and SET GO ensuring clearer lines of responsibility within the management team and creating a balanced Board of three executive directors and three non executive directors. As part of the implementation of these changes Mark Smith and Alan Fergusson stepped down as directors in August 2017 with both remaining key members of SET GO. We believe these changes give the business the optimal management structure to secure continued growth. Shareholders We are fortunate to have a number of supportive institutional shareholders with a significant investment in the Group. We welcome opportunities to talk to all shareholders large and small and we will continue to maintain a regular and constructive dialogue with them while seeking to broaden our shareholder base. Outlook We were delighted to see Bob and Ian recognised for their services to business and the community in Leicester through the award of MBEs in the Queens New Years Honours List. Throughout its 25 year history Mattioli Woods has demonstrated that in both good and bad economic conditions we have a robust business model which delivers organic growth by winning new clients and developing new revenue streams and also through the careful acquisition of similar or complementary businesses. Our focus remains on ensuring the Group addresses our clients changing needs and we continue to broaden our proposition through advice innovative product development organically and by acquisition. We believe our verticallyintegrated models for wealth management and employee benefits blending our capabilities as trusted adviser administrator product provider and asset manager allow us to deliver improved and sustainable client outcomes and we look forward to continuing our success over the next 25 years.