Daniel is Managing Director and Head of Europe at Oasis and oversees the firms UK and Continental European investments. Both Tsunaos and Daniels experience will be a valuable addition to the Board as we look to enhance the Companys longterm value for all our shareholders. Finally you will be aware that in September 2016 I notified the Board of my intention to step down as Chairman during 2017 having spent nine years as a nonexecutive Director and the last five as Chairman. The search for a successor is underway led by Ian Krieger Senior Independent Director and further details can be found on page 29. Outlook The last year has clearly been difficult for the business and the market looks to remain challenging in the year ahead. I believe management have moved swiftly to adapt to the current situation and put in place a robust plan which targets to deleverage the business to below 3x Net debt to EBITDA in the next three to four years through a more balanced focus on revenue growth cost efficiency and cash generation. I would like to thank shareholders for their significant support for the Company during my tenure as Chairman. I remain confident in the effectiveness of our strategy the strength of our brands the quality of our customer relationships and the experience of our management team. I look forward to a bright future for Premier Foods. David Beever Chairman 16 May 2017 Management have moved swiftly to adapt to the current market situation and are targeting to deleverage the business to below 3x Net debt to EBITDA. STRATEGIC REPORT INTRODUCTION GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 03 Brands Unique portfolio of leading British brands Strong insights into UK consumer Creating innovative new products to meet consumers needs Excellent operational capability Ability to manufactur e a diverse range of pr oducts and format s Experienced and dedicated workforce Operations We create the food the nation loves most for modern life STRATEGIC REPORT Business model As a business we believe we have certain capabilities which set us apart from our competitors. We have a broad range of category leading British brands we have the ability to serve a wide range of customer channels in both the UK and overseas and the capability to manufacture a diverse range of products in multiple formats. We have a unique portfolio of British brands which are well loved by the British consumer. We put the consumer at the heart of everything we do and use our insights to create innovative new products that meet consumers needs. We build strong relationships with our customers and build joint plans for mutual growth. We are able to service a full range of customers from the major retailers discounters convenience food service wholesale and international markets. Our manufacturing capability gives us the scope to manufacture a diverse range of products from sauces powder mixes desserts and cakes in a range of formats from tins jars pouches and cartons. We have an experienced management team who have a deep understanding of todays food industry and a workforce with many years of experience in manufacturing and product development. We are committed to being a responsible food business and have leading standards of safety both for our food and our colleagues. We have taken a proactive role in the health agenda making a number of key commitments over the next three years. Our values define how we work together and do our jobs. All colleagues in the business understand the importance of our 5 key values We aim higher We champion fresh ideas W e are agile We are united and We respect and encourage one another. The strategic report on pages 04 to 23 was approved by the Board of directors on 16 May 2017 and signed on its behalf by Gavin Darby Chief Executive Officer. Premier Foods plc Annual report for the 52 week period ended 1 April 2017 04 STRATEGIC REPORT Chief Executives review Its difficult to remember a year when theres been as much change in the food market as weve seen in the last twelve months. The rapid switch from food price deflation to inflation changing retailer promotional strategies and the surprise result of the EU referendum have all combined to make this past year a difficult one not only for Premier Foods but right across the UK food and drink industry. Like others our results have been adversely affected although Im encouraged that we still outperformed the majority of our peer group particularly in the latter half of the year. Fundamentally were doing the right things and our strategy is delivering in important key areas. Weve continued to invest in our brands in line with consumer trends for snacking convenience and health and six out of our eight key brands grew market share in 201617. Our International business continues to grow strongly quarter after quarter and is now 34 larger in terms of revenue than it was when we started to invest in this area two years ago. And our strategic partnership with Nissin Foods is progressing well with the launch of Batchelors Super Noodles in a pot format in February together with our distribution of Nissins Soba brand of noodles in the UK. But in todays challenging marketplace we cant stand still. Together with the Board weve therefore taken the opportunity to review our strategy and agreed to adjust the balance of priorities between our strategic objectives of delivering revenue growth driving cost and efficiency savings and cash generation. Previously this balance has been weighted more towards delivering category and revenue growth but in future will be more evenly balanced with a specific focus on reducing our net debtEBITDA ratio to below 3.0x helping ensure we generate best value for our shareholders over the mediumterm.