The technology transfer for DermaPure production has been initiated. The completion of residual DNA testing returned positive results demonstrating over 99 removal of DNA from the tissue. We expect that this process will complete ahead of schedule with our first CellRightprocessed DermaPure becoming available during H1 2018. Having our own inhouse source of DermaPure manufactured in the US for the US market will support supply from our relationship with CTS removing the risk of single sourcing and ensuring that our product inventory can align with customer demand. In October the Tissue Regenix Wound Care office also based in San Antonio TX moved into the CellRight facility allowing all US operations to be centralised in one location. A shared services infrastructure has been implemented and the advantages of a cross selling distribution and partnership network are beginning to be realised. 1 TRG estimate. TICKER AIM TRX www.tissueregenix.com 08 Post Period Developments Following the reported period the Group reached a number of regulatory and commercial milestones which will play an important part in the strategy and commercial success of the Group moving forward. Fundamental to this was the announcement of a longterm multiyear distribution agreement with Arthrex Inc. for CellRights osteobiologic products. Arthrex is one of the worlds leading sports medicine businesses and a premier innovator of orthopaedic surgical solutions. This is the first agreement of this nature to be signed since completing the acquisition and paves the way for the Group to pursue relationships with other strategic partners. In order to expedite a route to market in Europe for the CellRight products Tissue Regenix applied for a Human Tissue Authority licence and we expect this to be granted imminently allowing for the import of CellRights osteobiologics to the manufacturing facility in Leeds for direct distribution. It is expected that the first sales under this approval will commence in H2 2018. Further to this initial manufacturing for commercial distribution of SurgiPure XD has begun at the Leeds facility for export to the US where it is approved under the 510k market clearance pathway. We are in discussions with potential partners to determine the optimal route to market. Outlook The Group has reached a significant inflection point in terms of its development as a commercial entity. Having successfully completed the acquisition and integration of CellRight Technologies we now have two complementary and highly valuable regenerative technology platforms and a comprehensive product portfolio. Looking forward we have a diverse distribution network a strengthened commercial management team and significant opportunities to increase our commercial footprint both in the US and international markets. The Group is well positioned for future growth with a clearly defined strategy strong leadership and a robust product portfolio and pipeline. The CellRight acquisition allows for acceleration of our route to market specifically for the dCELL business and offers an enhanced product portfolio which strengthens our ability to increase our market adoption and penetration. This was demonstrated during Q1 2018 where we announced strategic distribution agreements with ARMS Medical a specialist urogynaecology distributor for DermaPure and Arthrex Inc. a world leader in orthopaedic sports medicine. We are grateful for the continued support of our shareholders throughout the year. Their commitment enables us to continue to advance the strategic vision of the Group which we are confident will create significant value as we accelerate the commercialisation of our product portfolio. Sales in both CellRight and BioSurgery have had a strong start to the year including shipments under two significant distributor agreements. With the recent launch of the CellRight DentalFix portfolio and AmnioWorks product the approval of the OrthoPure XT CE mark and additional BioSurgery product line extensions expected to come on stream throughout the year 2018 is set to be a year of significant newsflow increasing commercial traction and revenue growth. Trading for 2018 remains in line with Board expectations. TISSUE REGENIX GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017 09 STRATEGIC REPORT TISSUE REGENIX GROUP HAS ESTABLISHED A GROWING PORTFOLIO OF REGENERATIVE MEDICAL PRODUCTS TO ADDRESS CRITICAL AND GROWING CLINICAL NEEDS TRANSFORMING PATIENT CARE AND PROVIDING FAVOURABLE HEALTH ECONOMIC OUTCOMES. We aim to expand the adoption of our dCELL and BioRinse Technologies and become a partner of choice for both clinicians and strategic partners. Our commercial model employs both a direct and indirect sales approach aiming to optimize the adoption of our technology and driving additional revenues more rapidly. The foundation of our strategy is built upon our two Regenerative Technologies dCELL Technology addressing multiple high need clinical areas in soft tissue regeneration BioRinse Technology a verified osteoinductive allograft bone processing technology. Our Strategic Focus is 1 Direct sales force to deliver our differentiated scientific message to decision makers Build scale via Regional and National Distributor partners Accelerate coverage and reimbursement via IDNGPO agreements. Build longterm scientific and commercial collaborations with industry leaders to drive accelerated adoption of our technologies Target potential partners in our 4 Strategic Focus areas BioSurgery Orthopaedics Dental and Cardiac. Leverage Real World clinical outcomes data our respected key opinion leaders and compelling Health Economic rationale across our chosen surgical specialties. Drive sales revenue in identified territories outside of US Leverage Human Tissue Authority approval to build volume of Human Tissue Portfolio in Europe Establish DermaPure distribution opportunities outside USA. Focused investment behind priority development projects with clear commercial pathways. COMMERCIAL EXECUTION 2 3 4 5 STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS CLINICAL EVIDENCE GEOGRAPHIC EXPANSION PORTFOLIO DEVELOPMENT TICKER AIM TRX www.tissueregenix.com 10 Our Strategy FOR MORE INFORMATION ON OUR TECHNOLOGIES SEE PAGE 06 Strategic Objectives The Groups strategic objectives are targeted to meet its vision of becoming a Global leader in regenerative medicine addressing critical and growing clinical needs transforming patient care and providing favourable health economic outcomes in order to build a business capable of generating attractive long term results for investors. Objective Measurement Risk Mitigation COMMERCIAL EU launch of OrthoPure XT Launch scheduled for H2 2018 AgentDistributor agreements signed Training completed.