In April 2004 we announced a rollout plan that will bring broadband to 99.6 of the UKs homes and businesses. The announcement in May 2004 that we will redesign and reduce the cost of our local loop unbundling product should encourage investment in broadband infrastructure and promote innovation. Its a major move towards the telecommunications market of the future. In the consumer broadband market weve teamed up with Yahoo to offer compelling worldclass content and launched a suite of new products that will enable customers to get the most from broadband. A couple of years ago we were among the rst to offer a broadband connection for less than 30 a month. This year weve broken the 20 barrier with an entrylevel broadband product for just 19.99 a month. Mobility We also stepped back into the consumer mobility market with BT Mobile Home Plan and we established the high street presence that will enable us to offer converged products and services in the future. Again our goal is to offer communications exibility enabling our customers to communicate the information they choose in the way that they choose using whatever communications device they choose. In May 2004 we announced that we will be working with Vodafone UK to dismantle the barriers between xed and mobile services by offering fully converged xedmobile services in the business and Chief Executives statement 4 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2004 consumer mobile markets. Our customers will benet from being able to communicate and access the same information and services however and wherever they want whether they are connected to a xed network or on the move. For our larger business customers we also offer convergence managing their xed and mobile communications seamlessly. And the growth of WiFi wireless broadband suggests that it could well be one of those technologies which rapidly becomes a part of our customers lives. Once theyve experienced it they nd it hard to imagine life without it. Traditional business Given the impact of new technology and increasing competition voice call volumes may no longer be the absolute guide to the health of the company that they once were but they remain a fundamental part of our business and we are bringing an innovative approach to product development sales and marketing in the voice calls business. Robust defence doesnt mean retreat it means seizing new opportunities. BT Together for example has been a major success with around nine million customers. During the year we announced that we will be abolishing the standard rate for our existing customers from 1 July 2004 and launched an enhanced range of option packages. In the business calls market BT Business Plan has had similar success customer numbers were up from 20000 to 175000 in the year. And BT Local Business is demonstrating that getting close to our customers can deliver signicant revenue benets Cost leadership Cost leadership is vital to the accelerating transformation of BT. We can and must operate as efciently and effectively as possible benchmarking our costs against those of other European telecommunications companies. Most recently these comparisons showed that our costs are better than average for large telecommunications companies but that we still have some way to go to achieve bestinclass costs. In the last three years weve made major reductions in the costs of our operations and weve identied a further 1 billion that can be achieved. Our Hands Off Access Network HOAN project for example is helping to improve network efciency by minimising manual network intervention and reducing the need for exchange visits. This is not about cutting corners or compromising on service but about nding innovative costeffective new ways to meet customers needs. And over the next few years well be creating the 21st century network. We are transforming our networks converging them on to a modern single multipurpose platform that will enable us to reduce costs meet customers changing needs and improve customer satisfaction. The 21st century network will offer higher performance in return for lower operating costs. Our people Of course without the commitment and hard work of BT people our strategy would be nothing more than words on the page. A year ago we introduced our new values trustworthy helpful inspiring straightforward heart. Since then our people have translated those values into action driving down customer dissatisfaction defending the traditional business and winning business in new markets. Were very proud of what theyve done and of what they are continuing to do. Ben Verwaayen Chief Executive 19 May 2004 5 Chief Executives statement BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2004 The Business review is divided into the following sections 7 Introduction 7 Group structure 10 Group strategy 10 Keep a relentless focus on improving customer satisfaction 10 Put broadband at the heart of BT 12 Create mobility services and solutions 12 Transform our network for the twentyrst century 13 Achieve competitive advantage through cost leadership 13 Lead the world in networkcentric ICT solutions 15 Reinvent our traditional business 16 Motivate our people and live the BT values 17 Research and development and IT support 17 Regulation competition and prices 23 Relationship with HM Government 23 Legal proceedings Please see cautionary statement regarding forwardlooking statements on page 141. All customer numbers are given as at 31 March 2004 unless stated otherwise. EBITDA Earnings before interest taxation depreciation and amortisation. The denition reconciliation and reasons for disclosing EBITDA are discussed in the Financial review. Operating and financial review Business review 6 BT Annual Report and Form 20F 2004 Introduction BT Group plc is the listed holding company for an integrated group of businesses that provides voice and data services in the UK and overseas particularly in Europe but also in the Americas and the Asia Pacic region.