This focus is essential if we are to capitalize on the growth potential of these offerings and be responsive to the Open Source community and strong heritage of SUSE. In 2017 we continued to increase the headcount dedicated to development customer care and sales and marketing of the SUSE Portfolio and made the rst acquisitions in this product portfolio. This investment has delivered revenue growth ahead of the market and so we will be further increasing this investment in 2018. Micro Focus specializes in managing mature infrastructure software assets which have been delivering value to signicant numbers of customers over long periods of time. Our product portfolios have some or all of the following attributes 1. Broad based covering all industrial sectors 2. Signicant numbers of customers 3. Signicant maintenance streams 4. Relatively high switching costs 5. Signicant market positions In any IT system the customers business logic and data remain critical to their competitive advantage. The key is unlocking this competitive advantage through exploitation of the latest technology innovation such as OpenStack Softwaredened Distributed Storage mobility big data virtualization and cloud. All of this needs to be done with the appropriate security to ensure customer data company data and intellectual property are protected at all times. Typically customers would be forced into costly disruptive and risky change to make this possible but with Micro Focus customers can take a different approach that we characterize as bridging the old and the new. We focus on Customer Centred Innovation that enables customers to exploit new technologies without undue disruption. By enabling our customers to link their investments in established technology with the latest innovation Micro Focus helps customers gain incremental returns on investments they have already made and to preserve and protect their data and business logic. The most striking example of this is that an application written in Micro Focus COBOL 40 years ago before anyone had thought of Linux Windows virtualization cloud or wireless communications will work today in all of those environments. Micro Focus has made this a reality. By contrast if a COBOL application had been rewritten in another language to execute in Java or .NET the customer would have to undertake additional incremental rewrites and incur signicant costs every time there was a major technology change. Our acquisitions broaden the range and depth of our core infrastructure software solutions and bring outstanding new capabilities in Linux OpenStack Cloud Infrastructure and security the combination of which enables us to further extend the philosophy of bridging the old and the new across much more of our customers I.T. footprint. Overview Strategic report Corporate governance Consolidated nancial statements and notes Company nancial statements and notes Additional information 05 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Current portfolio underpinning the business model with clear execution and investment discipline The typical stages of a product life cycle are from new product introduction through to high growth to broad adoption and maturity to decline and ultimately obsolescence. When considering investment priorities both organic and inorganic we evaluate our options against a set of characteristics mapped to each stage of this adoption cycle enabling the categorization of our product portfolio into one of the four quadrants represented in the chart FOURBOX MODEL. Portfolio management New Models Products or consumption models cloud and subscription that open new opportunities could become growth drivers or represent emerging use cases that we need to be able to embrace. Growth Drivers Products with consistent growth performance and market opportunity to build the future revenue foundations of the Group. Optimize Products with declining revenue performance driven by the market or execution where the trajectory must be corrected to move back to the core category or investments focused to optimize longterm returns. Core Products that have maintained broadly at revenue performance but represent the current foundations of the Group and must be protected and extended. Me too models Potential change in trajectory return to growth New tech models Reduce rates of decline 06 Micro Focus International plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Executive Chairmans statement continued Product Lifecycle Introduction Growth Maturity Micro Focus area of primary focus Customer Focused Innovation Decline Nature of software Innovative and often disruptive technologies High capex and RD User base rapidly expanding products repeatedly enhanced Investment strategy and valuation Investing in growth valuation and returns Rich valuations Micro Focus is a software company focusing on operational efciency and scale to lead consolidation in the mature infrastructure software market Nature of software Infrastructure software embedded products with high switching costs Limited growth capex Margin expansion and efciency opportunities Investment strategy and valuation Returns driven by maximising cash ow Lower valuations Our approach to each category is summarized below New Models here our focus is on identifying new innovation in the marketplace that is applicable to our core and growth driver propositions. This is the case where new innovation is needed to connect or leverage existing IT or application assets to deliver returns or open new opportunities. An example of this is Silk Performer Cloudburst a cloud based implementation of our highly successful on premise Silk Performer product.