Group headline operating margins have risen from 9 in 2015 through 10 in 2016 to 13 in 2017. We expect this margin to improve further in 2018 reflecting the growing proportion of higher margin businesses the impact of cost savings actioned midway through 2017 and the effect of gearing on our fixed cost base. Our four divisions each have sector or service specialisations which are aligned to Group objectives. Huntsworth plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial Statements Corporate Governance Strategic Report Other Information 10 11 KPIs Risk Healthcare share of Group profits 79 New capabilities services 4 Likeforlike revenue growth Likeforlike revenue growth is an indicator of how well our service offering addresses market needs 25m Acquisition spend Acquisition spend helps to grow our capabilities in new areas Improved profitability 13 Healthcare Overreliance on Healthcare sector Whilst the fundamentals of the Healthcare sector are good and offer a strong platform for sustainable growth being overweight in Healthcare means that any changes to the political economic or regulatory regime could have a disproportionate effect on the Group. This risk is currently deemed low given the current and growing importance of the Healthcare sector. Acquisitions or investments do not deliver expected benefits There is a risk that acquisitions or investments do not deliver the expected benefits. This would mean an opportunity cost in terms of both cash and management time and attention together with lower growth rates than anticipated. This risk is mitigated through careful due diligence and strategic appraisal on acquisition targets and clear implementation plans and exit routes for organic investments. New capabilities and services Service offering does not meet market needs If the service offering does not meet market needs this would lead to a failure to retain clients or to win new clients. In turn this would impact upon the Groups ability to grow its revenues and deliver for its stakeholders. This risk is mitigated through a continual critical review of our service offering and a detailed assessment of lowgrowth regions. Acquisitions or investments do not deliver expected benefits There is a risk that acquisitions or investments do not deliver the expected benefits. This would mean an opportunity cost in terms of both cash and management time and attention together with lower growth rates than anticipated. This risk is mitigated through careful due diligence and strategic appraisal on acquisition targets and clear implementation plans and exit routes for organic investments. Improved profitability Underinvestment in future growth There is a risk that a focus on profitability and margin performance leads to a failure to invest in the business which would impact on the longer term growth prospects. This risk is mitigated by a culture which prioritises longterm sustainable growth over shortterm margin an approach which is reflected in the incentive plans for key management. For more information Principal risks Pgs 2630 79 77 62 2017 2016 2015 13 10 9 2017 2016 2015 Huntsworth plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 12 13 Chief Executives Statement Our evolving business model and strategy Introduction Huntsworth made strong progress in 2017 with all operating divisions growing profit. Revenue grew by 9 to 197.0 million and headline profit before tax by 52 to 24.4 million. On a likeforlike basis this represents growth of 4 and 20 respectively. As part of the strategic development of the Group and its increased focus on Healthcare we took the decision to streamline how we organise ourselves providing shareholders with a better understanding of the Group and offering clients easier access to multiple services when required. The Group now has two distinct areas of focus Healthcare which is made up of three divisions Medical Marketing and Immersive and Communications which constitutes one division and contains the agencies Grayling Red and Citigate Dewe Rogerson. Healthcare remains the primary focus of Huntsworth. Fastmoving innovation in healthcare treatments along with growing global demand for new drugs to help ageing populations are driving a complex market place that requires a combination of higher margin consultancy services and more effective marketing. Following a decision to streamline how we organise ourselves the Group now has two distinct areas of focus Healthcare and Communications. Paul Taaffe Chief Executive Officer Group revenue 9.0 2017 197.0m 2016 180.1m Headline profits 52.0 2017 24.4m 2016 16.0m Huntsworth plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Financial Statements Corporate Governance Strategic Report Other Information 12 13 2016 Foreign exchange Acquisitions Disposals Marketing Medical Immersive Comms Central 2017 16.0m 3.1m 1.5m 0.1m 2.3m 2.1m 0.2m 1.4m 1.9m 24.4 Headline profit before tax We see increasing opportunities arising from healthcarefocused clients seeking a more differentiated and increasingly digital offering for their medical and marketing communications. To further support this we acquired The Creative Engagement Group TCEG in July 2017 for 25.0 million settled in cash. TCEG consists of three agencies that provide experiential marketing primarily to healthcare clients. Its integration will further strengthen our digital capability while allowing TCEG to benefit from access to the Groups global resources. While Huntsworth is firmly focused on developing and adding to its Healthcare assets Communications remains an important part of the Group contributing 21 of profits before central costs. 2017 has seen further good progress in reorganising and rightsizing elements of the offering leaving the division in a better position to compete and increase profitability in the coming years. Group performance overview The Groups performance this year primarily reflects a combination of strong growth from the three Healthcare divisions the impact of a favourable move in exchange rates and Graylings return to profitability. The bridge below shows the key movements in headline profits in 2017. A weaker sterling in 2017 compared to 2016 has generated a translational gain of 1.1 million with a further 2.0 million incremental gain on hedging instruments. The acquisition of TCEG added 1.5 million to profits net of interest.