This will be the 50th year of unbroken annual increases. The dividend is a vital component of our return to shareholders and as explained earlier the strategy of the company is focused on its maintenance and gradual increase. The proposed final dividend will amount to 29.1m. The board is also proposing to pay a special dividend of 100p per share alongside the final dividend at an amount of 54.9m. As explained earlier the board considers it appropriate to augment the long term yield offered to investors through the payment of occasional special dividends when the companys long term business model delivers cash in excess of its strategic investment plans. Discount Over the year the share price rose by 20 and the discount of the share price to NAV per share ranged between 13 and 26. We review the valuations of our unquoted holdings in September and March each year and announce the NAV per share figures shortly after the relevant month end which means that our discount can fluctuate in the few days in between until the share price adjusts to the updated NAV per share figures. We did not buy back any shares during the year but will again seek the necessary permissions from shareholders at the AGM to do so should they offer particular value. Board Rod Kent who has been a member of the board since 2011 and Chairman since 2012 has decided to step down at the AGM. The company shareholders and past management of Caledonia owe him an unrepayable debt of gratitude for his outstanding contribution over many many years. Rod first came into contact with Caledonia in the early 1980s when British Commonwealth BC was its largest investment. He advised the company on its exit from BC in 1987 and ensured that the proceeds from the sale were received in a form that was as good as cash. This proved prescient when BC sadly went into administration in 1990 following the disastrous purchase of Atlantic Computers. Caledonia had become a significant investor in Close Brothers where Rod was managing director in 1987 and increased its stake further over the next few years. Close Brothers became the cornerstone of Caledonias investment success over the next 25 years and combined with his continuing advice the company has continued to thrive. He joined the board of Caledonia in 2011 and succeeded James Loudon as Chairman in 2012. We wish Rod the very best for a long happy and peaceful retirement. David Stewart will succeed Rod as Chairman at the AGM in July. Outlook The valuations of equities bonds property and non conventional assets have been driven to high levels by unusually low interest rates. Markets look to be reaching the final leg of a sustained bull run with valuations now looking stretched. The Federal Reserve has increased US interest rates twice recently taking the first tentative steps towards normalising monetary policy in the worlds largest economy. There are signs that the Bank of England is thinking along similar lines albeit with the additional complication of Brexit to negotiate. If monetary stimulus is removed and the cost of capital increases there will be an equal and opposite effect on valuations. Despite this threat and events such as the Brexit vote in the UK markets have held firm probably in part due to the promises Mr Trump made in his campaign to become President of the US. Caledonias modus operandi is not to attempt to time market falls but it guides our thinking in ensuring that our risk profile is appropriate for this stage in the cycle. We continue to be invested in companies that will generate reliable cash flows in all market circumstances. Our long term outlook also makes us wary of excessive debt which can be the downfall of a good business in a downturn of the economic cycle. We currently have a cushion of cash on the balance sheet which confirms our conservative stance but is also there to take advantage of opportunities that we identify. We remain confident that we will be able to meet our shareholders requirements for capital growth and income in the future without needing to expose their capital to undue risk. Rod Kent Will Wyatt Chairman Chief Executive The Chairmans and Chief Executives report on pages 2 to 7 and additional reports on pages 8 to 33 comprise the Strategic report of the company. The Strategic report was approved by the board on 25 May 2017 and signed by Mr Wyatt on its behalf. 6919 Caledonia AR2017 SR Directors Report TP.indd 7 31052017 1019 Job Name 68895z Caledonia Investments Report 2017 PDF Page 6919 Caledonia AR2017 TP.p7.pdf Process Plan Single Page Merged HR NoColourInfo Directors report Financial statements Other information Strategic report 8 Annual report 2017 Caledonia Investments plc B u s i n e s s m o d e l a n d str a t e g y What we do Pools Activity Investments What we do Strategic allocation Risk management Quoted 4 6 8 m Net assets 25 of NAV Equity holdings in listed companies with proven long term returns global reach and strong market presence. 1 8 core holdings We identify investment opportunities through research focusing on mature long term businesses with significant market presence strong balance sheets and good returns on capital. Our primary focus is on the UK and US markets. 2 540 of net assets We manage risk throughout the portfolio paying particular attention to concentration volatility geographical exposure and liquidity.