Rewarding good service The consistent focus on excellence in customer service across the Group has been critical to our continued development. It has enabled volume gains to be achieved in each of the three divisions in the year. Commodity volatility Volatility in the commodity markets impacted the Groups performance in 2017. In Fuels oil which is purchased on the spot market moved between 42 per barrel and 57 per barrel for Brent Crude with further volatility resulting from exchange rates. In line with market practice Feeds buys its raw materials under forward purchase contracts. Significant increases in feed input commodities in the year impacted margins as price increases were implemented after cost inflation was experienced. Board changes My thanks go to all who have supported NWF throughout the year both inside and outside the Group. I am delighted that Philip Acton NonExecutive Director will be taking over from me as the Chairman of NWF Group with effect from the Annual General Meeting in September. Philip has extremely valuable experience in listed agricultural businesses and has gained a good understanding of NWF since joining the Board almost four years ago. In addition as previously announced Lorraine Clinton will join the Board in September and brings a strong operational and commercial background which adds complementary skills to the Board. Chris Belsham Finance Director joined the Board in April 2017 and this completes the transition process for the Board to whom I wish the best for the future. Finally I wish to pay tribute to the Executive team many of whom have worked with me during the entire 11 years that I have chaired the Board. As a group they have displayed that combination of commitment hard work vision humanity and humour that has made my job rewarding and NWF successful. I look forward to updating shareholders on the Groups continuing progress at the time of the Annual General Meeting on 28 September 2017. Sir Mark Hudson KCVO Chairman 1 August 2017 NWF GROUP plc ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2017 5 OVERVIEW STRATEGIC REPORT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW How does Brexit impact NWF We are a UK business with three divisions which all performed well in the global financial crisis as they supply basic products to meet the countrys needs for Feeds Food and Fuels. We have not seen any changes in the demand for our products and services to date and monitor the situation closely. Who are your largest shareholders We have no shareholders greater than 5 but a number of significant pension funds and investment funds below 5 with whom we meet regularly. Which is your favoured division All three businesses are unique and deliver benefits to shareholders and have development potential. In addition through operating in three separate markets the overall risk profile of the Group is reduced. Does the pension scheme constrain the development potential of the Group Our pension scheme is closed to both new members and future accrual and is carefully monitored by the Board and managed carefully alongside professional advice. We have a strong asset base and significant banking facilities to help invest in growth opportunities. Are you just a dividendyield stock Whilst we recognise the value in the dividend we are looking to deliver total shareholder return through a combination of share price accretion and a progressive dividend policy. We are looking to be strong and resilient but are also ambitious for the development of NWF. Is the Group susceptible to weather and commodity price changes Commodities can impact the Group in our Feeds business as we buy forward in line with the market and have a capability to outperform when conditions move in our favour. With an oil business that focuses on heating oil in the winter cold weather will benefit the division but an ability to sell a range of oil products has demonstrated some effective mitigation in recent milder conditions. QA with Chief Executive Officer Richard Whiting NWF delivered a solid performance last year with increased activity in all three divisions and the benefits of the diversified business model resulted in record earnings per share. STRATEGIC REPORT NWF delivered a solid performance last year with increased activity in all three divisions and the benefits of the diversified business model resulting in record earnings per share. The increase in profitability and strong cash generation allowed the Group to continue its investment strategy completing major feed mill expansions in the year. The Group delivered headline operating profit up 3.4 to 9.0 million 2016 8.7 million and headline profit before tax up 2.4 to 8.5 million 2016 8.3 million. Headline earnings per share were up 3.7 to a record level of 14.0p 2016 13.5p. Cash management remains strong with net debt of 13.0 million representing 1.0x EBITDA. This has been achieved by generating net cash of 2.1 million after interest tax dividends and net replacement and maintenance capital expenditure of 4.0 million but before development spend of 5.2 million as a consequence of the trading performance and further sustainable working capital improvements. Outlook In Feeds margins and volumes are in line with our expectations for this time of the year. Our mills in the North Cheshire and the South West are fully operational and aligned to the needs of our farming customers in these key areas of the country. In Food we are focused on business development activity to maintain utilisation levels at the Wardle site and have won some small new accounts to date. The Palletline operation continues to expand and we are looking at further options to increase this segment of our business. We remain focused on continuing to provide excellent levels of service and value to our customers and supermarkets across the UK.