Our conventional production objectives will be balanced with high growth unconventional development objectives. Realising value for all of our shareholders is fundamental to what we do. Demonstrating the commerciality of our assets and bringing forward production through accelerating asset development is key to creating value. Profitable production Realise value Our KPIs For performance measurement management remuneration. We measure our performance and remunerate management based upon the following key performance indicators. HOW WE DO THIS AND WHAT WE HAVE DONE The 2017 combination transaction provided the foundation for this growth strategy. In October 2017 we successfully increased our participation in the Rio Atuel licence that sits adjacent to our existing Puesto Rojas acreage from 33.34 to 66.67 and assumed the operatorship at the same time. In April 2018 the group participated in the Neuqun province licensing round and secured four additional operated blocks. Phoenix also reached agreement with GyP the Neuqun provinceowned oil and gas company and our partner in the Corralerra and Mata Mora concessions to increase our participation in these blocks from 27 to 90 and to assume operatorship. We focus our exploration and appraisal work where we have significant contiguous acreage positions such as the Puesto RojasMalarge area and where our acreage is proximate to areas where others have found success for instance at Mata Mora which sits close to a number of successful Vaca Muerta producing licences including Sierras Blancas and Loma Compana. We have continued the Vaca Muerta appraisal drilling programme on our Puesto Rojas and neighbouring concessions that we started in late 2016 completing four wells in 2017 and have also drilled an initial well into the tight Agrio formation also at Puesto Rojas with encouraging initial results. We continue to exploit and develop our high margin conventional assets providing us a conventional production base as we continue to evaluate unconventional opportunities for development. In 2017 the group had net production of 11070 boepd sourced principally from conventional assets. We continued to perform workovers on existing conventional wells and drilled a number of infill wells targeting high margin areas. In 2017 we completed 13 workovers and drilled 134 new conventional wells including 118 wells at Chachahuen. Our unconventional activity will continue to be accretive to production as we complete new appraisal wells. In February 2018 the group announced the restructuring of its financing arrangements with the Mercuria Group that will underpin the accelerated business plan in 2018. Focusing on current cash flow as well as development potential the group entered a swap agreement in January 2018 to fix the price received for a portion of our production at a Brent benchmark price of US65.97 per barrel. This protects revenue in 2018 and hence cash generated for reinvestment in our exploration appraisal and development projects. M E A S U R I N G O U R PROGR ESS Total Vaca Muerta and unconventional acreage of acreage operated by Phoenix Absolute reserve and resources volumes Yearonyear reserves growth Migration of resource and reserve categories Yearonyear production volumes Opex per boe produced EBITDAX earnings before interest taxes depreciation amortisation and exploration expenses Total shareholder return LINK TO KPIs 2 6 1 2 6 1 2 4 5 6 2 3 4 5 6 POTENTIAL RISKS Competition for acreage especially Vaca Muerta and other unconventional acreage May not be possible to obtain operatorship Ability to fulfil licence commitments Exploration and development risk The timely availability of capital to fund operations Homogenous well completion Availability of experienced service crews Competition for services and related costs Formation integrityability to achieve design typecurve Commodity prices and volatility Impact of inflationforeign exchange risk Fiscal risk Financing risk Final decommissioning costs and obligations Ability to optimise asset portfolio through acquisitiondivestment licencing rounds and farminout 1 Number of reportable HSE incidents 2 Year on year growth of reserves and resources by category 3 Operating cost per boe 4 Production volume increasedecrease 5 EBITDAX earnings before interest taxation depreciation amortisation and exploration expense 6 Personalgroup project delivery and milestone targets STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Annual Report and Accounts 2017 21 Working interest Vaca Muerta acres Contingent and prospective resources Prospective resources 2P reserves 2017 production Phoenix Global Resources plc STRATEGIC REPORT 22 OPERATING REVIEW AT A GLANCE Working interest Vaca Muerta acres Contingent and prospective resources Prospective resources 560000 acres 207 MMboe 1795 MMboe 57.2 MMboe 11070 boepd 2P reserves 2017 production STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OTHER INFORMATION Annual Report and Accounts 2017 23 Existing production is predominantly conventional while future appr aisal and de v elopment activity is focused on the u n c on v e n ti on a l op p ort u n i ty Neuquina basin Gross acres 2499389 Working interest acres 1028379 Operated working interest acres 627380 Basin production 2017 net WI 5026 boepd Wells drilled 2017 127 Production Production from the Puesto Rojas area was consistent year on year with average production of 2697 boepd in 2017 compared to 2704 boepd in 2016. This reflects the focus on exploration drilling in the period that was not immediately accretive to production together with the workover of a number of wells aimed at improving production and arresting natural decline.