Principal events and overview Other than the new licence agreement with Agile further details of which can be found below the period since the last report has been one of consolidation compared to the previous two years of considerable acquisitive activity. As with the prior years there has been a considerable amount of integration activity partly contributing to the 0.7 million exceptional charge within the Income Statement. Agiles suite of solutions have been merged into Castleton Software Solutions Ltd which along with Castleton Managed Services Ltd form the two divisions in the Group. Also during the year we merged the offices acquired along with the acquisition of Impact Applications Limited into our Software Solutions headquarters in Sutton Coldfield. With the exception of Kypera all acquired entities are on a common accounting platform across the Group which brings a greater degree of process and visibility to our back office operations. We plan to bring Kypera onto our common accounting platform during the current year. Agile On 4 April 2016 the Group improved its existing exclusive reseller agreement with Agile and entered into a new perpetual licence agreement whereby Castleton was granted an exclusive licence for Agiles suite of mobile working software solutions in relation to the social housing sector the Agile Licence. Agiles software solutions are complementary to Castletons range of solutions which have been designed to enable social housing organisations to work more efficiently and effectively. Agiles software solutions allow field based and customer facing teams to securely access any system data or document from any global location allowing users to complete tasks in real time. T o continue to support and develop the product a number of staff members transferred from Agile to the Group and as a result the grant of the licence and the transfer of staff collectively meet the definition of a business combination under IFRS3 and consequently are recorded as a business combination in these accounts. Under the terms of the Agile Licence Castleton will pay Agile 600000 per year over a three year period with the potential for a further payment of at least 300000 in the year to 31 March 2020 dependent on total sales during the first three years of the agreement. The Board of Castleton believes that the Agile Licence and staff transfer are strategically important as they secure the Groups use of Agiles software solutions going forward whilst enhancing the margin with an estimated payback period of two years. Goodwill A fair value reassessment of 0.9m was performed on Kypera the majority of which relates to claims in relation to onerous contracts that were in place prior to acquisition together with the associated rectification costs. Discussions are currently ongoing however the resolution of such claims remains uncertain. Trading results The trading results for the year comprise a full year of trading for all entities acquired in the prior years and from 4 April 2016 a full year of trading from the updated Agile Licence Revenue and gross profit Revenue amounted to 20.3 million 2016 18.0 million of which 10.8 million was generated by the Software Solutions division 2016 8.3 million and 9.4 million 2016 9.7 million was generated by the Managed Services division. Recurring revenue is in excess of 60 of total revenues 2016 58. Gross profit amounted to 14.3 million 2016 11.3 million representing a gross margin of 70 2016 63. The increase in overall gross margin is partly due to a full year of trading from the Kypera business which was acquired in the previous year and sits in the Software Solutions division and has a higher gross margin and also as a result of the new Agile Licence where there is no longer a 70 commission included in cost of sales. Gross margin for the Software Solutions division increased from 80 to 84 and for the Managed Services division it increased from 40 to 45. Administrative expenses including exceptional items The administrative expenses were incurred in the running of all entities and include the cost of the Board and its advisors including the cost of occupancy back office support services and the fees associated with maintaining the AIM listing as well as amortisation of 3.0 million and exceptional items. Exceptional items of 0.7 million 2016 2.2 million include costs relating to restructuring activities undertaken in the year. Adjusted EBITDA The adjusted EBITDA for the year amounts to 4.4 million 2016 3.6 million. The cost in the year for the plc Board and its advisors was 1.3 million 2016 1.2 million and we continue to maintain tight controls on expenditure. Trading EBITDA was therefore 5.7 million 2016 4.6 million. Finance income and costs Finance income represents the interest earned on deferred income from the sale of the consulting business sold in 2015 and finance costs comprise interest payable on bank borrowings and the interest and unwind of discount on the convertible loan notes issued in January 2016 to part fund the acquisition of Kypera Loan Notes. Finance income and costs amounted to 0.02 million 2016 0.3 million and 0.7 million 2016 0.7 million respectively. Earnings for the year from continuing operations before net finance costs tax depreciation amortisation exceptional costs and share based payment charges. 10 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Gross profit 14.3m Revenue 20.3m Cash generated from operations 4.6m Adjusted EBITDA 4.4m Gross margin 70 Financial Review continued Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements 11 Castleton Technology plc Annual Report 2017 Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the parent company The Group profit for the year to 31 March 2017 was 0.5 million 2016 loss of 1.1 million.