This investment gives the Group an entry into a rapidly growing market with enormous potential for profitable growth. Team On behalf of the Board I would like to take this opportunity to thank each of my colleagues for their hard work during the year. This has been a very busy year for the Group as we have integrated acquisitions launched new products and adapted to regulatory changes whilst still delivering strong organic growth. These achievements speak volumes for the skill talent and dedication of the people throughout the Company. Regulation and responsibility The online gaming market is fast growing and dynamic and the Groups firm focus remains on operating only in product verticals and markets where it is legal to do so. The Board is resolutely committed to best practice in responsible gaming and providing customers with the securest and most enjoyable entertainment possible across Stride Gamings brands. We believe that owning and developing our own proprietary technology is a key competitive advantage in such a dynamic market enabling the Group to be agile respond to market and regulatory changes effectively and successfully capture any growth opportunities that are presented. Current trading and outlook Building on the momentum of 2017 the Group will continue to invest in its proprietary technology and people to support Stride Gamings further growth. We remain focused on driving organic growth in our core UK real money gaming market whilst continuing to appraise acquisition opportunities and developing new products and markets. Stride Gamings scale technological edge and multibrand strategy means that we are very well positioned to continue to grow and take market share. Passionate Passionate by being fierce and excited about what we deliver Creative Creative by being pioneers and always leading the way in our industry Respectful Respectful by being thoughtful to those we work with and appropriate in our communications Accountable Accountable by being responsible and having ownership for the work we do Collaborative Collaborative by being dedicated to succeed as a team Innovative Innovative by being original in everything we do Our values Stride Gaming plc Annual report and financial statements 2017 STRATEGIC REPORT 10 Chief Executives report I am delighted to report that during 2017 Stride Gaming continued to make excellent progress against its growth strategy. The Group has continued to drive strong organic growth and to scale the business through the successful integration of the transformational acquisitions that were made at the end of our previous financial year. Stride Gaming is now the third largest operator in the UK online bingoled market and we remain confident that this scale supported by our proprietary technology and back office expertise positions the business well to take advantage of further growth opportunities. Clear growth strategy Stride Gaming has a clear growth strategy to develop as a leading online gaming operator thereby creating value for shareholders. We aim to achieve this based on three primary pillars of growth 1. Focus on the core by continuing to grow market share in both the UK bingo and casino markets. 2. Diversify the product offering by innovating the product and entering new online gaming verticals. 3. Appraise and enter attractive new markets outside of the UK. We plan to execute this growth strategy by continuing to develop our proprietary gaming platform investing in our skilled and dynamic team and focusing on operating only in regulated or legal markets. Strides technology edge Stride Gamings proprietary online gaming technology underpins the Groups clear growth strategy across products and markets. During the year we have continued to invest in and develop our technology edge by creating more innovative and engaging gaming content including on mobile further integrating and enhancing our business intelligence capabilities ensuring full compliance with regulatory developments and increasing the platforms robustness through improved cyber security and disaster recovery solutions. 1. Focus on the core The key driver of the Groups success in 2017 has been the excellent performance in the core Real Money Gaming vertical which accounted for 91 of Group revenue. In line with the Groups strategic focus Real Money Gaming NGR generated from Strides proprietary platform increased by 39 to 48.6 million accounting for 54 of Group revenue 2016 proforma of 31 to 34.9 million accounting for 45 and reported 73. Real Money Gaming NGR from thirdparty nonproprietary platforms also increased by 16 to 33.1 million accounting for 36 of Group revenue 2016 proforma 28.6 million accounting for 37. Continued strong organic growth Excellent performance with NGR from Real Money Gaming increasing by 39 Significant progress made with the integrations of 8Ball Netboost and Tarco 29 growth in yield per player reported at 147 Enter 2018 in a strengthened position to continue upward trajectory Clear growth strategy Based on H2 Gaming Commission research report showing market size of 600 million based on net gaming revenue. Annual report and financial statements 2017 Stride Gaming plc 11 The Group made significant progress in the integration of 8Ball Games Limited 8Ball Netboost Media Netboost and the Tarco Assets Tarco which were acquired on 31 August 2016 for a total consideration of up to 70.2 million. By applying the Groups core capabilities and as a result of the Groups increased scale we have already been able to grow revenues strengthen gross profit margins and significantly increase Adjusted EBITDA of the acquired businesses. The Tarco Assets and Netboost Media current year Adjusted EBITDA is up 62 from the prior year unaudited proforma Adjusted EBITDA whereas 8Balls current year Adjusted EBITDA has increased by 101. The Group will continue to appraise acquisition opportunities in the fragmented UK bingoled market to supplement and support our organic growth. Yield per player one of the Groups KPIs increased 29 to 147 2016 proforma 114. This strong growth has been driven by the Groups sophisticated business intelligence capabilities and analytics knowhow which underpin our customer relationship management crosssell and marketing initiatives.