application engineering capability. customer and endmarket focus. We have strengths in these areas today and developing these capabilities further will be our focus in the coming years. Through the application of our core skills in these areas we will add value as a Group. We will apply these skills in markets that are growing and where we can operate at scale on a global basis. We will apply these skills to solve difficult materialsbased problems for our customers ethically and safely and where they value our differentiated solutions. This set of capabilities provides a resilient and distinctive source of differentiation and is an enduring strategic goal for the Group. 2018 is the final year of our initial implementation phase and we will be investing a further 8 million in our capabilities largely in technology and sales funded through further operational improvements. These are important investments to build the longterm health of the Group and will position us for more resilient financial performance and faster growth in the years to come. Group results The trading conditions were difficult coming into the year with improvements evident in sentiment but limited progress in our markets. Conditions have improved through the year with improved order momentum in the major industrial geographies from the second quarter onwards. With the better market conditions and the impact of strategic and structural changes the Group has performed well Group revenue for 2017 was 1021.5 million 3.3 above 2016 at reported exchange rates. On an organic constant currency basis Group revenue was higher by 1.4. The 2017 Group headline operating profit margin was 1 1.7 2016 1 1.8 with the impacts of divestments largely offset by operational efficiencies and the benefit of higher revenue. Group headline earnings per share was 22.5 pence 2016 22.7 pence. Capital expenditure was 34.4 million 2016 39.5 million. The Group has continued its investment in additional capability and capacity to support future growth. Operating cash generation was good with a cash flow from operations of 129.5 million excluding the oneoff payment to the US pensions scheme 2016 128.3 million. Net debt at the year end was 181.3 million 2016 242.5 million. Morgan Advanced Materials Annual Report 2017 10 Chief Executive Officers review Strategic Report To reach this goal we need to develop our capabilities further and address performance gaps in the business. In February 2016 we set six execution priorities that we are pursuing through to the end of 2018 to strengthen the Group and deliver resilient financial performance and faster growth 1. Move to a global business structure. We completed the move to a global business structure in March 2016. The change in structure has improved global coordination across the Group and has sharpened accountability within each of our global business units. This is an important change to enable the wider changes we need to make and we completed this without any loss of business momentum. 2. Improve technical leadership. Our objective is to strengthen our technical teams and increase our investment in research and development to around 4 of sales from 2.8 of sales in 2015 over the next two to three years. We have increased our investment in technology development by 5.1 million in 2017 to 34.3 million representing 3.4 of sales. We have expanded the technical teams in our new Carbon Science Centre of Excellence and in our new Metals and Joining Centre of Excellence. Further recruitment is underway in both places to expand the teams during 2018. We have also added technical resources to our Structural Ceramics Centre of Excellence to develop new products and processes for the structural ceramics business. It typically takes a number of years for these new developments to come to market but in the case of our Metals and Joining Centre of Excellence we have been able to accelerate new development of a new coredwire alloy and product samples were in trials with customers by the end of the year. These are vital investments to enhance the future differentiation and growth of the business and we are planning to invest a further 5 million in technical resources and technology development in our Centres of Excellence and across the business in 2018. 3. Improve operational execution. Our objective is to strengthen our operational capabilities reduce operational costs to fund reinvestment in the business and improve delivery and quality performance. We made very good progress with our operational improvements in 2017 with a net 8.5 million of savings generated to fund reinvestment in the business in the year against our target of 6 million. These were generated from a wide range of improvement projects in every business including larger lean projects looking at endtoend waste elimination smaller scale continuous improvement projects procurement projects and further use of automation. We made a number of changes to strengthen our operational teams and continuous improvement capabilities during the year and we are well positioned to deliver the further 8 million improvements we are targeting in 2018. 4. Drive sales effectiveness and market focus. Our objective is to strengthen our sales capability and increase the intensity of effort with new customers and in new markets. We carried out five pilot projects to test new techniques and tools and to build our understanding of the best approaches for us to use across the Group. In our Thermal business in China and in Electrical Carbon in North America we assessed the segmentation of our customers and alignment of sales resources to customers the sales process and the sales management tools we should use. In our Thermal automotive business we developed a new strategy for the market using new market assessment tools and set new product and market priorities and targets. In our Thermal business in Europe we deployed new segmentation and pricing tools and developed a standard set of approaches for use across the Group.