We remain committed to developing the skills and careers of all of our colleagues and to provide them with the right tools to do their jobs. In 2017 we launched our new internal career portal that provides information about internal career frameworks and guidance on the training and development colleagues need to help develop their careers with Hastings. We also made significant investment in Guidewire our new system that will help both colleagues and customers. 15 Strategic report Other information Financial statements Corporate governance Annual Report 2017 Hastings Group Holdings plc Maintaining our momentum continued Q Theres been significant investment in Guidewire can you tell us more about it and its implementation A Guidewire is a market leading software that supports claims broking and billing in an integrated platform. We have also invested in additional software components to increase the ability of our customers to selfserve through digital engagement. Improvements for our customers and our colleagues include reducing the claims lifecycle more informed pricing and enhancing our customer services by providing a 247 online selfservice portal. We have realised significant benefits following the launch of the claims module and continue to improve and enhance the system based on colleague feedback and customer experience. We are following a staged roll out of the broker platform and all major PCW were live on Guidewire for private car insurance by the end of 2017. In addition we have commenced migrating our private car insurance renewals business to Guidewire. It will enable efficiencies that will deliver value and provide a platform for future growth. Q What is your outlook on premium rate increases A We began increasing premiums in the first half of 2014 ahead of the market that started raising rates in 2015 after a three year period of sustained price reductions. Premiums continued to rise across the market driven by continuing claims inflation with additional increases seen following the change to the Ogden rate announced in February 2017 which increased both claims costs and the cost for excess of loss reinsurance. In the last quarter of 2017 we started seeing pricing fluctuations following the UK Governments subsequent announcement regarding further proposed changes to the Ogden rate calculation. As you look into the future we would expect premium rate changes to follow claims inflation with some uncertainty surrounding the proposed changes to the Ogden rate and also from the planned whiplash reforms. As ever we continue to focus on the quality of our underwriting and the agility of our pricing model means we can react quickly to claims market or regulatory changes. Q Whats your view on the impact of autonomous cars on the insurance industry A We welcome any environment that improves road safety however we do view broad adoption of fully automated vehicles as being many years away. Manufacturers will continue to introduce partial automation that will improve the safety of vehicles and in turn help to reduce the frequency of accidents. We have found that the improvements in technology have made it more expensive to repair vehicle damage which is offsetting the benefits from lower frequency of accidents. We expect these trends to continue in the future and we use our data and analytical skills to build these changes into our prudent underwriting approach. Hastings Group Holdings plc Annual Report 2017 16 Chief Executive Officers QA Q Can you tell us about corporate responsibility at Hastings A Its important for me and my colleagues to see firsthand the difference we can make through our charitable and community interactions so we focus our attention locally rather than supporting national or global initiatives. This approach is embraced by our colleagues through their fundraising efforts and participation in community days. As an example in July our leadership team took the opportunity to join forces to give back to the local community and say thank you for the past 20 years. The teams took part in beach cleaning student career advice and providing afternoon tea and bingo for older people and also ran charity shops with items donated by colleagues. It was great to give practical help as well as raise money for our local charity partners. I am very proud of the work we do with local students in Bexhill and Leicester through our Be the Change programme which aims to raise the aspirations of local 13 and 14 year olds by providing workshops one to one sessions and workplace visits. It is particularly humbling and gratifying when students speak openly and honestly about their actions or feelings as a result of our business mentors sharing their own experiences with them. I know that my fellow business mentors are equally as proud of Be the Change and the difference we can make to the younger members of our local communities. Q What has been your personal highlight of 2017 A Weve achieved a number of milestones including celebrating our 20th anniversary with our colleagues and communities. In the time that I have been here live customer policies LCP have more than doubled from 1.1 million in 2012 to over 2.6 million today and our colleague numbers have increased to over 3100. Another key highlight is RMIs investment of 29.9 in Hastings. This shows a real statement of intent and long term confidence in what we are what we are doing and what we are going to do. I am honoured to be part of the Hastings 20 year history and the team that has achieved so much in creating a successful fast growing UK general insurance provider. Q Looking forward why the change from Chief Executive Officer to Chairman A With Mike Faireys decision to retire as Chairman at the AGM in May 2018 and the Boards unanimous support it felt as if it was the right thing to do.