Sales in the Americas increased by 38 to 3846 cubic meters. North America in particular represents the largest potential market for Accoya and I am pleased that the changes made to the sales team over the last two years has resulted in an increase in momentum ahead of the new manufacturing capacity becoming available. We will continue to focus on this region applying where possible the same successful sales and marketing techniques that we have developed in the UK market. Sales to the Benelux area increased 10 to 3682 cubic meters however sales in the Netherlands were disappointing recording a decrease compared to the prior year. As a result we have reviewed our approach to the Netherlands and have made changes to the sales team launched a new marketing campaign and commenced a new approach to the key housing association market. As a result I am confident that we will be in a good position to take advantage of the additional Accoya manufacturing capacity when it becomes available. Sales to the AsiaPacific region decreased by 16 to 2812 cubic meters. Within this sales to customers within Diamond Woods exclusive region decreased by 31 and sales outside of this including to Japan Australia New Zealand and India decreased by 7 reflecting several larger projects in the previous year noting that we continue to believe this region has the potential for substantial sales growth in the longer term. Sales to customers elsewhere including Eastern Europe and the Middle East remain relatively small at this time however we continue to develop relationships with distributors so as to increase awareness of Accoya generally ahead of additional capacity becoming available and with a belief that many of these regions also represent excellent longer term markets. Accoya sold to Medite for the manufacture of Medite Tricoya increased by 17 to 7.8m 2016 6.6m. The margin for this material continues to be below that achieved for the majority of Accoya we sell reflecting our investment in the Tricoya project and that the current manufacturing process is in place only until the first dedicated Tricoya plant is operational. We continue to expect volumes sold to Medite for the manufacture of Tricoya panels to increase marginally in the new financial year given temporary capacity limitations in Arnhem noting that sales by Medite of Tricoya panels increased by 31 to 5806 cubic meters in the year to 31 March 2017. We have 61 Accoya distributor supply and agency agreements in place covering most of Europe Australia Canada Chile China India Israel Mexico Morocco New Zealand South Africa parts of South East Asia and MiddleEast and the USA. THE OVERALL INCREASE IN SALES VOLUME IN THE YEAR REFLECTS THE CONTINUED INCREASE IN DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS ACCSYS TECHNOLOGIES PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 22 Accoya pricing and margin The marginally smaller increase in Accoya revenue 17 compared to volume 18 reflects a full year of sales to Rhodia Acetow who receive a discount as a result of its obligations under the committed offtake agreement and to reflect the sales and marketing expenditure that it incurs directly. This was partly offset by a small increase in prices to UK customers earlier in the year. A similar price increase to the majority of remaining customers is being implemented in the first half of the new financial year. The Accoya gross margin excluding licencing income decreased from 27 to 23 as a result of full year impact of the Rhodia Acetow discount the volume of lower margin material sold to Medite and the higher cost of raw wood. Part of this higher raw wood cost was due to an increase in prices from New Zealand suppliers and part was attributable to short term changes to the product mix used in production resulting from supply chain issues but which enabled us to maintain production volumes. Expansion of Accoya manufacturing plant I am very pleased by the progress made in the year in respect of our project to expand the production capacity of the Arnhem plant from the current levels of approximately 40000 cubic meters per annum to 80000 cubic meters in a twostage expansion programme. We expect to invest approximately 22m towards the capital costs of the first stage which includes the installation of a third reactor increasing the capacity to 60000 cubic meters together with the backbone infrastructure for a fourth reactor. Work has progressed well in respect of the first stage of the expansion which comprises two key phases the first which involved the reconfiguring of chemical infrastructure stations has been completed. Significant work has also been completed in respect of detailed engineering and ground works and all key items of equipment have been ordered. The third reactor itself was delivered on 8 June 2017 enabling the remainder of the chemical construction work to progress. Detailed engineering is now underway by the Engineering Procurement and Construction contractor Engie Fabricom with the construction due to be completed by the end of 2017 calendar year ahead of a period of commissioning. During the year we also completed the sale and leaseback of the remaining freehold land in Arnhem to Bruil the same group to which we sold land and buildings in 2011. Bruil in turn have made excellent progress in the construction of a significant new warehouse and office facilities which will be adjacent to the chemical plant and are due to be completed in the same timeframe. These facilities which will improve and contribute to better logistics and should improve productivity will be leased to Accsys once the expansion is complete. The fourth reactor is expected to be added at a later date as demand requires.