I am confident that with his background and experience Michael will make a valuable contribution to the Groups strategy. Mike Goddard Chairman Looking to the future I have every confidence in the success of our franchise business model which having flourished historically in all phases of the property market can and will adapt to the current changing market conditions. 05 Annual report and accounts 2017 Belvoir Lettings plc Chief Executive Officers statement To what extent will online estate agencies threaten the traditional estate and lettings agency business Traditional estate agents as opposed to exclusively online estate agency businesses handle over 90 of property transactions in the UK. Vendors especially landlords continue to value the local expertise and cost effectiveness available across our network of offices. Online agents have succeeded in lowering the publics expectation of how much they should be paying for estate agency services. As a relatively new entrant to estate agency downward pressure on fees has not negatively impacted our business and in fact having adjusted for the full year impact of Northwood we are still 10 up year on year on MSF from estate agency. What impact do you see Brexit having on the property market There has been no discernible impact from the transition towards Brexit. Whilst during 2017 a slow down in the property market was anticipated the number of property transactions remained surprisingly stable and was only 1 down year on year and changes in our business model has meant that network revenue from estate agency increased. In our opinion the reason that property transactions remained stable in 2017 was due to two main factors supply and demand and access to relatively cheap mortgage lending. There continues to be a shortage of suitable housing within the UK for either home ownership or to rent and given that EU nationals currently living in the UK will have the same residency rights after Brexit there is no foreseeable reduction in the current level of demand for housing. So whilst any uncertainty could have a shortterm impact the longerterm dynamics remain the same. Do you think the upcoming ban on tenancy fees is the right solution to make renting more secure for tenants No. It has been widely commented on in the press that the tenancy fee ban will simply increase the cost of renting for many tenants. There are a number of Government consultations happening as we speak as policy makers recognise the importance of the private rented sector PRS. It is likely that with the introduction of redress for tenants from DIY landlords licensing for agents and the possibility of longer tenancies standards of accommodation are likely to increase and encourage more people to use a wellfunctioning PRS similar to other European countries. Do you expect the size of the PRS to increase or decrease in the next ten years The PRS will undoubtedly continue to grow both in terms of the number of properties in the PRS and also the number of properties in the social housing sector. Q A Q A Q Q A A Watch our Proactive Investors interview at httpswww.youtube.comwatchvfgZkV56wqUo What changes might encourage private landlords to use a lettings agent Increased regulation around property letting and licensing for both agents and landlords is likely to make the prospect of renting property without the involvement of a fully qualified agent less attractive. Recent proposals that private landlords should be subject to a redress scheme as is already applicable to lettings agents will add to the risk and cost profile for private landlords such that the negatives of managing their portfolio themselves will start to outweigh the positives. How does the volatility of house prices affect Belvoir As far as the rental sector is concerned Belvoir has traded successfully delivering yearonyear growth since 1995 during which time house prices have both fallen as in the period between 2007 and 2010 and risen well above general inflation as during the late 1990s and early 2000s. As far as estate agency is concerned during a period where prices are falling typically the number of transactions also falls as sellers are less willing to sell their property at a lower price or at a loss and this will impact on estate agents. However if properties are more difficult to sell vendors are more likely to use a proactive local estate agent to ensure they get the best price possible. Do you expect to see more or fewer lettings agents in the future We predict that the number of lettings agencies will reduce by 20 in the next three years. There are simply too many estate and lettings agents in the UK which we see as a significant opportunity for a network of our strength. Since 2014 our Assisted Acquisitions programme has enabled 44 franchised businesses across all of our networks to grow their businesses and increase their market share by acquiring their competition. Q A Q A QA with Dorian Gonsalves Chief Executive Officer Q A 06 Belvoir Lettings plc Annual report and accounts 2017 Chief Executive Officers statement continued Capitalising on opportunities as the industry evolves In a changing market our franchise network benefits from the agility of franchise owners coupled with a central support system to give us an edge over both the large corporate networks and small independent operators. MSF growth Management service fees MSF increased by 23 to 7.9m 2016 6.4m. These fees are collected by each network as a royalty for providing a brand a system and the considerable knowhow for a franchisee to operate a profitable business at local office level.