We were pleased with the performance across our export network. Our key core export markets of France the Nordics and UK and Ireland showed significant growth and we expect to benefit from ongoing direct sales in the UK now following the acquisition. During the period we signed new distribution agreements to cover New Zealand and Taiwan and both regions granted regulatory approval to sell Aqupharm intravenous fluid range and Isocare anaesthesia our recently launched products for use in surgery. This contributed to the growth of Aqupharm and Isocare sales which were ahead of management expectations and sales of core established brands such as Danilon antiinflammatory Otoclean dermatology and Caniquantel antiparasitics all showed double digit growth. Dinalgen antiinflammatory sales were behind prior year but this was largely down to phasing of purchasing patterns in major markets. The positive impact of the crossselling opportunity was minimal during the year. We expect to see this contribute to our organic growth during Q4 2018 later than originally anticipated with a more meaningful contribution in 2019. The underlying EBITDA performance of our Pharmaceuticals division increased by 15.1 to 9.7m 97.1 of the Groups underlying EBITDA with reported EBITDA reducing to 7.5m 2016 10.2m. Whilst this underlying growth was driven by the contribution of the acquisition the organic performance in this division was impacted by lower gross margins mainly due to a changing sales mix following higher growth from lower margin Production Animal products and export sales as well as pricing pressures in a competitive market and the disposal of Nutriscience in 2016 which generated 1.3m of sales at margins in excess of 50. Whilst the impact of a changing sales mix and competitive pricing pressures are likely to persist over the rest of 2018 we expect to deliver at least double digit growth in underlying EBITDA in this division and to see further strong sales growth driven by a growing portfolio of products and a wider geographical sales reach for these products. Wholesale Our Wholesale division focuses on the sale of thirdparty veterinary pharmaceuticals supplies and instruments in Belgium. Based close to Bruges in the North West of Belgium this business supplies veterinary professionals across the country and has been trading for 25 years and is well established in a stable market. The extensive range of over 5000 products includes own label and branded items ranging from small disposable items to larger capital equipment and diagnostic instruments. The division also specialises in the supply of surgical instruments. Revenues increased by 9.7 entirely through organic growth to 23.9m 2016 21.8m with this division representing 28.6 of total Group sales. This division delivered underlying and reported EBITDA of 0.3m 2016 0.5m reflecting the investment made in sales staff to drive future growth. Growth was driven by the addition of new customers as well as expanding the range of products sold to existing customers. Product Development Pipeline The focus on building value within our product development pipeline continues. As an enlarged business our development team is located across a number of sites providing extensive skills and capabilities across Belgium Germany Spain and UK. Karolyn Tapper previously Director of Business Development for Animalcare Ltd has been appointed to the new role of Group Head of Technical and Commercial Development to structure and integrate the teams to ensure that we continue to grow through investing in and attracting new product opportunities. 14 26011 18052018 Proof 4 A project rationalisation and prioritisation process for all projects across the Group has been undertaken. Within the context of the enlarged Group technical feasibility development costs and commercial forecasts have been reviewed thoroughly to determine which projects would be continued. The Company is currently focused on 17 active new product development pipeline projects within Spain and UK. In 2017 we launched Acecare a sedative from the original UK pipeline. Sales have been in line with the original project forecast. One centralised registration was submitted in 2017 and launch of this product is planned in late 2018. Progress of the pipeline continues and in 2018 three new products have already been registered across Europe with additional submissions planned throughout the year. Alongside the new product development pipeline a number of product improvement and product maintenance projects are ongoing. Several registrations to expand the global presence of our products were made in 2017 and launch within new territories is planned at the end of 2018 and during 2019. New Products through Strategic Alliances and Partnerships In addition to broadening our product portfolio through our own development pipeline we are aware that our wide geographical footprint is attractive to similar companies in the US and Asia who are seeking routes to market for their products across Europe. During the period we have seen the first result of this strategy with an agreement with USbased Nutramax to provide Europe wide distribution of their nutritional supplement Cosequin which promotes canine joint health. People We currently have 100 sales representatives and 28 agents across Europe having invested in an additional 6 sales representatives and support roles during the year. As a result of changes in senior and executive management in the Company it was necessary to find and appoint new Country Managers in Spain and the UK the two key territories in the Group. This has been completed with the new recruits now in post in the weeks following the year end. Internal appointments have also been made in the important areas of Technical and Product Development and Export. These new roles will progress the integration of the Group and help us to realise commercial opportunities more quickly. It is clear that an appointment in supply chain management will be required in the near future to ensure the operational efficiencies of the Group within this area are achieved. In addition we announced at the end of April that Iain Menneer has stood down from his role as Chief Operating Officer.