Moreover we have extended our care pathways through successful outcomes for the people we support. As a result we have improved our capacity during the year which has led to an increase in all key financial KPIs and our underlying EBITDA. 10 CareTech Holdings PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chairmans Statement A successful 2017 creating a platform for further expansion In addition the Group has purchased a number of properties including Beacon Reach a Childrens Residential and Education facility near Preston for 4m which is a substantial Education and Residential facility for ROC NW who recently won the Laing and Buisson Award in Social Care for Childrens Services. The Group continue to look at a number of other acquisition opportunities and are confident that the remainder of the share placement proceeds will be deployed in a timely manner on earnings enhancing businesses or projects. During 2017 we again closed several services for reconfiguration which impacted the growth in revenue. Offsetting this there are better fees following reconfiguration plus the impact of cost saving initiatives and the time and attendance system has further improved underlying EBITDA. The Groups organic development programme will continue with further reconfigurations and for 2018 we have a strong pipeline of development opportunities with two property purchases registered soon after the year end. On 28 March 2017 344305 new ordinary shares were issued as part of the arrangements for full and final settlement of the earnout agreed with the vendors of ROC North West which was acquired in 2015. In the 12 years since joining AIM the business has transformed from being very focused on supporting adults with a learning disability through residential and day care settings to one where today we cater for young people and children with complex needs across a range of settings be it residential supported living or community support. We focus on the most complex and vulnerable young people and the market for this client group stands at over 10bn. There is currently an undersupply of specialist beds in this niche area and the market is growing by almost 3 per annum. Over the years we have developed a range of care pathways and helped many that we support to live more independently. This is a fantastic outcome for both us and the individuals that we support and it also helps local authorities meet the ever increasing cost of social care provision. Even with the significant growth we have achieved to date we still have less than 2 of this very large and fragmented market. With the increasing regulatory burden the opportunity for further consolidation is even more attractive. Dividend The Group policy has been to increase the total dividend per year broadly in line with the movement in underlying diluted earnings per share. In 2017 there was a slight reduction in underlying diluted earnings per share of 0.01p mainly due to the share placement in March 2017. The Board has proposed a final dividend of 6.60p 2016 6.25p per share bringing the total dividend for the year to 9.90p 2016 9.25p per share. This represents a full year increase of 7.0 year on year. The final dividend will be paid subject to shareholder approval on 8 May 2018 with an exdividend date of 8 March 2018 and an associated record date of 9 March 2018. Our Board There have been no changes to the Board during the year. Providing the foundation for further growth the Senior Executive Team at CareTech has been further strengthened by a number of senior appointments during the year. During the year the Remuneration Committee the Audit Committee and the Care Governance and Safeguarding Committee were unchanged. Our people We have completed our planned evolution into two well defined operating divisions Children Services and Adult Services and this has generated organisational efficiencies. Simplifying the structure has also supported planning and service delivery with a more powerful approach to development. Our continuing growth measurable success and forwardlooking approach are a reflection of the hard work and dedication of staff and managers throughout the organisation. I am always drawn to the achievements of our excellent front line staff which is inevitable as we are first and foremost a care organisation. Their care and commitment would be much less without the dedicated support of our administrators and support teams whose hard work and energy is critical to the success of our Company and the care we provide. In March 2016 the Company announced the creation of the CareTech Sharesave Scheme a Government supported method for any of our staff to have the opportunity to participate in the Companys equity. In October 2017 we announced a second CareTech Sharesave Scheme and 259 members of staff chose to join this new saving scheme. We plan to introduce another CareTech Sharesave Scheme in 2018 as this is one part of our staff retention strategy. With the launch of the CareTech Charitable Foundation in May 2017 I am pleased that we will be able to support members of the CareTech family even more. The Foundation has ambitious and clear sighted objectives to deliver meaningful impact to communities in the UK and overseas about which the staff of the Group and its service users feel proud and stronglyengaged providing a unique contribution to the charitable marketplace consistent with the Groups values and approach.