Mackie Mayor the former meat market at Smithfield Manchester and Grade II listed building previously restored by Urban Regeneration was transformed in 2017 into an indoor street food restaurant lined with artisanal food traders. It is expected to attract both visitors and investors to the area continuing the divisions revitalisation of Manchesters Northern Quarter. The division also created a temporary home for Warringtons awardwinning market as part of the Time Square development while a permanent market hall is being constructed. MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 43 Strategic report 10storey block of 90 apartments at The Slate Yard New Bailey the first in Greater Manchester to be institutionally funded and custom built for private rental. Other highlights in the year included the sale of One City Place a sixstorey Grade A office building in Chesters central business district and ahead of forecast the full letting of a 50000 sq ft Grade A office building at Stockport Exchange. The division is now working with Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council to deliver the next phase of office development. Additional completions include a health centre as part of the Swindon regeneration programme a multistorey car park in Warrington part of the Time Square development a second private rental building of 68 new homes for Fizzy Living at Lewisham Gateway and a residential block at Brentford Lock West. In Brixton the 70m refurbishment of the Grade II listed town hall continued carried out by Construction Infrastructure with the interior handed over to Lambeth Council. Work also progressed on two residential developments in Brixton Hambrook House and Ivor House both due to complete in autumn 2018. The development portfolio continues to generate a high volume of construction work with c400m currently on site and a further c420m expected to be awarded over the next 12 months. Key projects that started on site include phase four of the Warrington Bridge Street regeneration which will provide a 13screen cinema and seven restaurants new indoor market and 105000 sq ft of council office space a 160000 sq ft office building at 2 New Bailey in Salford three industrial units totalling 100000 sq ft at Logic Leeds and 137 new homes at Millbay Plymouth. The regeneration and development pipeline of 2.1bn reduced 8 in the year however it remains sizeable with a diverse geographic and sector split by value 44 of the pipeline is in the South East and London 35 in the North West 17 in Yorkshire and the North East and 4 in the rest of the UK by sector 51 by value relates to residential 30 to offices and the remainder is broadly split between retail leisure and industrial. Divisional outlook The target for Urban Regeneration is to increase its ROCE 2 towards 20. Looking ahead to 2018 based upon the higher level of scheme activity and the current profile of scheduled completions Urban Regeneration is expected to deliver increased profits from higher average capital employed and to make progress towards its target ROCE Market overview The government continues to be very supportive of residential development and a number of projects in our portfolio will benefit from funding through the 2.3bn Housing Infrastructure Fund. In London mixedtenure schemes can be developed faster by incorporating both private sale and private rental homes in a single phase. The northern region is experiencing a relatively strong city office market and the growth in online retailing has resulted in the development of large distribution centres with a positive effect on the industrial and commercial markets. With shops moving out of the high street local authorities are challenged with maintaining the vibrancy of town centres however it also releases land and development opportunities for new leisure facilities restaurants and housing. Operating from four offices across the country we remain close to our markets and can react quickly to local trends. We manage risk by targeting a range of growth sectors. As at the end of 2017 our portfolio was split between 51 residential 30 offices and 19 in retail manufacturing distribution and leisure. Matt Crompton and Nigel Franklin Joint MDs Urban Regeneration Average capital employed 1 last 12 months m 2017 2016 88.5 80.0 Capital employed 1 at year end 2017 2016 85.0 68.9 1 Capital employed is calculated as total assets excluding goodwill intangibles and cash less total liabilities excluding corporation tax deferred tax intercompany financing and overdrafts. 2 Return on average capital employed adjusted operating profit less interest on nonrecourse debt less unwind of discount on deferred consideration for the last 12 months divided by average capital employed for the last 12 months. Interest and fees on nonrecourse debt was 1.5m 2016 1.1m and the unwind of discount on deferred consideration was 0.2m 2016 0.3m. 44 MORGAN SINDALL GROUP PLC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 Strategic report Operating review Urban Regeneration continued Timekeepers Square Salford above and left Part of the 650m scheme via ECf to regenerate Salford this development features 36 Georgian style townhouses situated by a Grade II listed church and opposite Salford Cathedral. At its heart is a landscaped communal courtyard with a pedestrian boulevard leading from the church. A sister development Carpino Place in Salford was launched during the year and will provide a further 22 townhouses. Engaging employees in our business strategy Strategy day Once a year all Urban Regeneration colleagues gather together to learn about the divisions business plan and strategy. The conference includes a session for employees to ask questions of the divisions joint managing directors as well as the Group chief executive and finance director. Progress against 2017 strategic priorities Maintain forward pipeline Urban Regenerations appointment as preferred bidder to a 75m town centre regeneration in partnership with Dartford City Council and a mixeduse development in Slough in collaboration with Investments see page 47 will add 200m to its forward pipeline.