Attract new tenants to grow ERV and NRI and set new pricing levels for residential space. Read more on page 20 Continue to drive value creation through planning land assembly land enablement and selective development. Read more on page 30 ESTATE STRATEGIES GROUP STRATEGY To create grow and deliver value in its assets and estates through a combination of active asset management strategic investments and maximising development opportunities. Capco Annual Report Accounts 2017 14 Key performance indicators MEASURING PERFORMANCE The Groups key performance indicators are selected to ensure clear alignment between its strategy shareholder interests and remuneration of its employees. 1. Based on consensus estimates at 16 February 2018 for comparator group where results are unavailable. The threeyear total property return is calculated assuming annual reinvestment. Annualised threeyear total return and total shareholder return are calculated on a basis consistent with the Groups longterm incentive plans. A number of other indicators of performance are considered by the Board either at a Group level including underlying earnings per share or specifically relevant to each estate for example ERV at Covent Garden. These are discussed further in the assetspecific operating reviews in the Strategic Report. All three key performance indicators are directly linked to Executive Directors remuneration. These three indicators are carefully aligned with the Groups strategy of creating and growing value and delivering marketleading total returns over the longer term. Total property return underlying earnings per share and net asset value are linked to annual bonuses available to certain of the Groups employees. Total property return is calculated as capital growth including gains and losses on disposal plus rents received less associated costs including ground rent. This metric allows comparability with the IPD Total Return All Property Index. Total return is the growth in EPRA NAV per share plus dividends per share during the year. Outperformance over a threeyear period versus the median of a comparator group of the nine largest constituents of the FTSE 350 Real Estate Index is identified as a key measure of the success of Capcos strategy. Total shareholder return is the increase in the price of an ordinary share plus dividends during the year. The Groups total shareholder return is benchmarked against the median total shareholder return of a comparator group of the nine largest constituents of the FTSE 350 Real Estate Index. As a key metric for the longterm equity based compensation for the Groups employees total shareholder return aligns incentives with shareholder interest. ONE OF THE PERFORMANCE MEASURES FOR THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS 2017 ANNUAL BONUS PART OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS LONGTERM INCENTIVE TOGETHER WITH SPECIFIC ANNUAL NAV TARGETS RELATING TO 2017 BONUS PART OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS LONGTERM INCENTIVE 2017 TARGET 2017 TARGET 2017 TARGET 1.5 percentage points per annum outperformance 2.0 percentage points per annum outperformance on a rolling threeyear basis 4.0 percentage points per annum outperformance on a rolling threeyear basis PERFORMANCE PERFORMANCE PERFORMANCE During the year the Group has underperformed by 10.2 per cent The Group has generated a total return of 2.9 per cent per annum on a rolling threeyear basis underperforming the comparator group by 5.5 per cent 1 The Group generated a total shareholder return of 7.7 per cent per annum on a rolling threeyear basis underperforming the comparator group by 6.6 per cent DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION TOTAL PROPERTY RETURN 1.0 TOTAL RETURN 1.3 TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN 8.1 9.1 11.2 1.0 0 5 10 15 4.5 3 years 1 year 5 Capco Comparator 8.4 4.2 1.3 3 years 1 year 0 5 10 15 5 2.9 1.1 8.1 8.1 3 years 1 year 7.7 5 0 5 10 10 www.capitalandcounties.com 15 Governance Financial statements Strategic report Principal risks and uncertainties Risk management The Board has overall responsibility for Group risk management. It determines its risk appetite and reviews principal risks and uncertainties regularly together with the actions taken to mitigate them. The Board has delegated responsibility for the review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Groups internal control framework to the Audit Committee. Following a comprehensive review of risk management undertaken in 2015 risk is a standing agenda item at all management meetings. This gives rise to a more risk aware culture and consistency in decision making across the organisation in line with the corporate strategy and risk appetite. All corporate decision making takes risk into account in a measured way while continuing to drive an entrepreneurial culture. The Executive Directors are responsible for the daytoday operational and commercial activity across the Group and are therefore responsible for the management of business risk. The Executive Risk Committee comprising the Executive Directors the General Counsel Director of Corporate Services and the Financial Controller is the executive level management forum for the review and discussion of risks controls and mitigation measures. The corporate and business division risks are reviewed on a quarterly basis by the Executive Risk Committee so that trends and emerging risks can be identified and reported to the Board. Senior management from every division and corporate function of the business identify and manage the risks for their division or function and complete and maintain a risk register. The severity of each risk is assessed through a combination of each risks likelihood of an adverse outcome and its impact. In assessing impact consideration is given to financial reputational and regulatory factors and risk mitigation plans are established. A full risk review is undertaken annually in which the risk registers are aggregated and reviewed by the Executive Risk Committee.