GatedTalent is the most exciting product we have developed in recent years. The platform is free to executives. Revenue will be generated from executive recruiters through subscriptions to the platform and through charges for connection requests made through the platform. The platform is now live with clients using it compliance messages being sent and profiles being created. Subscription revenue is now being generated. We expect that GatedTalent will manage the process of sending around 3 million such messages during the course of 2018. We believe that the vast majority of our clients will not send messages before May 2018 with a number of firms likely to complete the process in June or even July. The Division is effectively a startup business within the Group and is expected to be loss making in 2018 although we do anticipate that it will have a direct and positive impact on the performance of our Dillistone Systems business starting in 2018. During 2017 GatedTalent incurred an operating loss of 0.439m and development expenditure of 0.391m was capitalised. The Board is confident that all three Divisions have strong futures. Financial risk management The Groups operations expose it to a number of risks that include the effect of changes in interest rates credit foreign currency exchange rates and liquidity. The Group does not trade in financial instruments. Further details in relation to these risks are shown in note 25. Interest rate risk The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its floating rate overdraft and through its management of retained cash. The Group monitors its exposure to interest rate risk when borrowing and investing its cash resources. Credit risk The Group has a large customer base in excess of 2000 customers and is not dependent on a small number of customers. Accordingly the Group does not believe it is exposed to significant credit risk. In addition it only places money with banks with strong credit ratings. Exchange risk The Group is exposed to translation and transaction foreign exchange risk. The Groups foreign operations primarily trade in their own currencies reducing the transaction risk. As a result the main foreign exchange transactional exposure arises when repatriating profits. The Group only seeks to remit cash when required in the UK and it usually has some flexibility on timing of such appropriations to minimise any exchange losses. The Group is however exposed to translation risks on net assets held. Liquidity risk Although the Group has some borrowings it maintains positive cash resources and has sufficient available funds for its operations and planned expansion of its existing activities. www.dillistonegroup.com 11 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW For the year ended 31 December 2017 continued Principal risks and uncertainties There are a number of risks and uncertainties which could have an impact on the Groups long term performance and cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. The Directors seek to identify material risks and put in place policies and procedures to mitigate any exposure. The table of risks that follows gives details of the principal risks and the approach being taken to manage them. Risk Potential adverse impact Mitigation Economic risk The recruitment industry has a reputation for being vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the economy. This can impact significantly on nonrecurring revenue and to a lesser extent recurring revenue. The Company operates globally and so is not reliant on one economy. It enjoys a high percentage of recurring revenues. Acquisitions have increased the exposure to the UK economy. Future acquisitions may be overseas. In a downturn there may be a reduction in new permanent hires which may be replaced by temporary hires. The temporary recruitment market is potentially anti cyclical. The Groups products support both permanent and temporary hires. Innovation and new products help maintain opportunities for the business worldwide. New product risk All technology suppliers need to develop new products and applications and there is always a risk that new products may lead to issues. This could damage the Groups reputation and result in loss of new orders and therefore reduce revenue growth. It could also result in claims against the Group. The cost and time frame for developing and releasing new products could be a bigger drain on resource than built into budgets and forecasts. Products are tested prelaunch and launch and implementation strategies developed to minimise risks. The development plan is regularly reviewed by management and the Board. Agile project methodology so stakeholders have regular visibility and influence on what is being developed. Product Manager added in 2018 for Dillistone Systems to help ensure product is fit for purpose. Additional UX User Experience Resource to be added to help deliver software that meets the needs of clients in 2018. Attrition of customer base Failure to attract new customers or the loss of existing customers may have a detrimental effect on the Groups ability to generate revenues. Actively manage existing customer relationships through account management structures and promptly dealing with issues. The Group continues to invest in new products with new features being added. Competitor activity The market for recruitment software is extremely fragmented with a large number of small suppliers operating in all of the Groups geographical markets. Very few of these suppliers have the necessary financial technical and marketing resources to be able to develop their competitive position. However the competition may intensify through consolidation or new entrants to the market. Some competitors offer a broader product range enabling them to compete across the whole of the sector. The businesses can easily lose market share if its products are not well regarded either from being out of date or buggy. Some firms may try to compete on price particularly if the market deteriorates. The Group has strong customer relationships and uses account management to keep in touch with clients.