We have evolved our business to better support the changing needs of our customers. This will allow us to be a leading provider of high technology solutions information and support to industrial research and academic markets. We will focus on those markets where we can enable the fundamental discovery of nanotechnology through to its commercial exploitation in order to address some of the worlds most complex and pressing challenges. Triton refrigeration system which is at the heart of many of the advances being made in quantum computing. FlexAL system which offers increased flexibility and capability in the engineering of nanoscale structures and devices. XMax for particle analysis which is helping hard disk manufacturers identify where in the supply chain a fault occurred. Business Model Fundamental research Applied RD Commercial markets Evolving to become a leading provider of high technology solutions information and support. Being known for unparalleled performance ease of use and service adding value to our customers capabilities and productivity. 01 Strategic Report 02 Governance 03 Financial Statements 04 Company Information Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 11 Strategic Context New paradigm for systems and devices Increased application focus Exploiting advanced materials and capabilities Accelerated scientic discovery and innovation 2005 2010 2020 2040 Increasing capabilities and ease of use Commercial exploitation Convergence of sciences Biology Chemistry Physics Engineering Over the past ten years Oxford Instruments has been successfully driving the adoption of nanotechnology by industrial and research communities all over the world. We previously used growth in the convergence of sciences to build our market position. Convergence is now well established and our customers are now focused on the application of convergence and nanotechnology to help address many of the worlds greatest challenges. Within academic research funding is increasingly being targeted towards nanotechnology applications that are building on the initial foundations of convergence. Our industrial research and corporate customers are increasingly focused on exploiting nanoenhanced properties in their commercial applications and the development of new advanced systems and devices. To support our customers new requirements we will build our leadership in exploiting our expertise skill and intellectual property in fabrication manipulation and characterisation of materials structures and devices down to the molecular and atomic scale. We will focus our investment on those market segments where nanotechnology drives longterm growth for our customers and where we can maintain or grow into leadership positions. We will move up the value chain providing our customers with solutions information and support to increase their capabilities and productivity in line with their evolving requirements. We have called our new strategic focus Horizon. It is a transformational programme for the Group and will drive both our future direction and our operational model returning us to longterm sustainable growth with improved margins. 12 Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 Strategy With Horizon we will focus on those markets where nanotechnology has the potential to address some of the worlds most complex and pressing challenges. These are markets where we can maintain or grow into leadership positions by providing customers with high technology solutions information and support. By aligning closely with our customers needs and through a better understanding of their challenges we will ensure we offer unprecedented performance ease of use and service that will add value to our customers capabilities and productivity. Under Horizon we have already undertaken significant actions to manage our portfolio of businesses with the aim of accelerating our delivery of customer and Shareholder value. Strategy Horizon is a transformational programme for Oxford Instruments that will reposition the Group for long term sustainable growth with improved margins. Growth drivers The key markets with longterm growth drivers where we can maintain or grow leading positions are Key elements of Horizon Horizon will build on our strengths brand and innovation heritage and has five key elements invest in market segments where nanotechnology drives longterm growth and where we can maintain or develop leadership positions migrate to being a more commercially focused marketdriven Group break down the silo culture to deliver synergies and enhanced collaboration across the Group move up the value chain by providing customers with enhanced solutions information and support and transform our operational model to embed consistency and excellence across our businesses. Healthcare where growth is driven by demand for improvements in disease detection and the understanding of fundamental mechanisms. Energy where improved efficiencies and sustainability remain core drivers and includes work in photovoltaics and batteries. Quantum Technology is the exploitation of the regime where the exotic quantum effects dominate and radically change the rule book of what is possible. Advanced Materials where we can help customers lead the race to develop lighter stronger higher functioning and more affordable materials. IT and Communications where there is a focus on speed security and capacity. 01 Strategic Report 02 Governance 03 Financial Statements 04 Company Information Oxford Instruments plc Report and Financial Statements 2017 13 New operational model Market Intimacy We will develop an indepth understanding of our customer segments and tailor our solutions to more closely meet customer needs. Insights from our stronger customer relationships will better inform and align our innovation and product development initiatives to customers strategic roadmaps. Innovation and Product Development We will focus our RD investment on higher growth segments prioritising our efforts on the most valuable product development opportunities. Importantly our new operating model will enhance our ability to leverage the technical capabilities and synergies across the Group to ensure the more effective delivery of our chosen priority projects. Customer Support We will build on the growing customer demand for a higher level and broader range of services and support to help meet their evolving commercial and strategic needs. Service will become a core differentiator in our markets. Operational Excellence We will target improvements in cost time and defects to deliver a world class experience for Oxford Instruments customers. Operational Excellence will drive us to become a more delivery and outcome focused business.