As the volume of scans and the number of clients and radiologists continued to grow the scalable platform has expanded but it has been important that Medica has continued to innovate and improve its systems and that information security has remained at the heart of all we do. Strategy t he directors have to date focused on building a platform that can deliver a high quality teleradiology service to the Groups core customer base of n Hs hospitals centred on its n ightHawk and Routine offerings. t he Groups strategy can be broadly categorised into three areas developing the core business accelerating the expansion into areas closely related to the core business and broader diversification. Developing the core business t he Groups core strategy remains to develop and grow its business by adding additional Medica reporting capacity to meet growing demand maintaining the highest clinical standards and continuing to win new work for its existing service lines. Having invested in the Groups It and services platform both in terms of the technical and clinical aspects and the ongoing recruitment of Medica radiologists the directors believe that the business can continue to grow strongly within its existing service lines. continual development of the current core services improving the offering to clients and the radiologist experience as well as improving the efficiency of Medicas internal infrastructure are a key part of Medicas strategy. Medica will continue to improve the workflow for clients and radiologists and a good example is the forthcoming launch of a new n ightHawk portal and process. t his will bring considerable advances for both clients and our radiologists and enable improved efficiency and performance in the specialist emergency services Medica can offer. Increasing specialisation of radiologists and demand from clients will evolve the Routine cs service line and using Medicas substantial and growing pool of specialist radiologists Medica can offer national cover to the n Hs for specialist reporting services. Radiographer reporting is a key growth area for the core business. l aunched in August 2016 this service has been grown in a steady and controlled way and advanced practitioner radiographers represent an increasing part of Medicas routine pF capacity representing 14 of the total pF exams in 2017. u nderpinned by strong clinical governance growing this service can play an important role in the n Hs managing their waiting times and minimising backlogs. t here are also further opportunities in the independent sector and internationally that can expand Medicas core business. Accelerating expansion into related areas Medica has developed specialist reporting lines including virtual colonoscopy and dual energy xray absorptiometry dXA o steoporosis scanning. t he service lines have been developed with specialists but currently form a small part of Medicas business and the next stage is to increase the number of clients using these services. Most recently we have developed a c ardiac reporting service which has launched in the first quarter of 2018 and there are other specialist services currently under development. After an initial piloting stage these services can be expanded to new and existing clients. t he Group has a strong clinical governance structure including an internal clinical audit function focused on maintaining the high clinical and service standards of Medica radiologists. Having been approached by our customers and others to audit their own inhouse radiology departments there is a clear opportunity to market this service to existing and new clients. Medica has developed bespoke software in 2017 to facilitate this service with a view to growing demand in 2018. Broader Opportunities t he directors believe that there are a number of wider telehealth and broader healthcare opportunities that the Group would be wellplaced to take advantage of. CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW CONTINUED 19 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview t hese are considered longerterm opportunities and would likely require investment in additional expertise to augment that already in place and in some circumstances may be better achieved through acquisition. t he Board intends to develop plans for some of these opportunities in coming periods. Outlook l ooking forward to 2018 the year has started well with trading in line with the Boards expectations. t he prospects for new work from existing and new clients and the pipeline for recruiting radiologists in the new financial year continues to be strong which gives me confidence in our outlook for 2018. As the market evolves the Board is confident that in the short to medium term Medica will continue to grow revenues at a doubledigit rate similar to that seen in 2017. JOHN GRAHAM c hief executive o fficer 12 March 2018 20 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 20 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Medicas strong growth has continued throughout 2017. ton Y lee CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER FINANCIAL REVIEW POSITIVE POSITION FOR FUTURE GROWTH 21 Medica Group Plc Annu Al RepoR t And Accounts 2017 Strategic Report Governance Financial statements o verview A review of the business during the year its strategy and business model future developments and its position at the yearend is included within the c hairman and c hief executives Reviews on pages 45 and 1619. Both these reports form an integral part of the strategic Report. Trading results Medica has enjoyed strong growth in recent years and this continued throughout 2017 with Group revenues growing by 18.2 to 33.7m 2016 28.5m and adjusted operating profit growing by 16.4 to 9.5m 2016 8.1m. n et profit increased by 30.6 from 3.32m to 4.33m and adjusted basic earnings per share increased by 20.2 from 3.32 pence to 3.99 pence. Adjusted profit after tax increased by 51 from 4.98m to 7.52m and adjusted basic earnings per share increased by 39.0 from 4.98 pence to 6.92 pence. A full reconciliation between statutory and adjusted profit metrics is shown in n ote 31.