This reflects both our confidence in the strategy being executed by the management team and longer term prospects. Board appointment In October Jane Aikman joined the Board as Chief Financial Officer. Jane previously held a number of Executive level positions including her most recent role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for Phoenix IT Group Plc until its acquisition by and merger with Daisy Group. Jane has quickly established herself as a valued member of the Board and her fresh perspectives are already bringing additional strength and focus to the business. Jane will stand for election by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in July. Board effectiveness We continually consider the effectiveness of the Board and have a formal evaluation annually which in 2016 was carried out by our Company Secretary. The conclusion from the evaluation was that we are operating effectively but there were some minor areas for improvement. We continue to monitor against our set of Board objectives which are detailed further in the Corporate governance section. In 2017 we will conduct an externally facilitated evaluation. We remain in an environment of change and transition both internally and for our customers and markets. Each presents new challenges and exciting opportunities. We seek always to ensure that we have appropriate succession plans in place both for the Board and for the senior management team of the business as well as recognising talent right across the organisation. This has been a regular topic of discussion during the year and is covered in the Nomination Committee report on page 44. Good governance and responsible business Good governance is essential to the business and we seek to adopt best practice where it is beneficial. In line with best practice we have recently completed a consultation with major shareholders around some proposed changes to our Remuneration policy. I am pleased to say that they received widespread support and the policy will be presented to shareholders for approval at the AGM. As a major business headquartered in Hull we are delighted to be a Principal Partner for Hulls 2017 City of Culture celebration. This 12 month programme is designed to bring a wide variety of cultural and artistic events to the city and provide a range of opportunities for the local community to experience the positive impact that this will bring. As well as supporting the events themselves the business is supporting a number of our employees who are volunteering as City of Culture ambassadors. We hope that the legacy left by the City of Culture programme will support the continued regeneration of the region for many years to come. We remain in an environment of change and transition both internally and for our customers and markets. Each presents new challenges and exciting opportunities and we value and appreciate the energy and enthusiasm that our colleagues across the business show in making life easier and better for our customers. I would like to thank them all for their continuing contribution. This coupled with the clear focus that we have on the future gives the Board every confidence that we can achieve our ambitions as a business. Graham Holden NonExecutive Chairman 9 June 2017 08 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report CEOs statement Continued transition Progress towards the creation of A regional fibre based services provider through continued deployment of fibre and development of overthetop services A provider of complex IPbased solutions in the Enterprise market driven in the near term by expanding presence in contact centre and cloud services Dear Shareholder We are reporting another period of strategic and operational progress and remain focused on continuing to reposition the business as a provider of fibreenabled services and IPbased solutions. Our fibre deployment in Hull and East Yorkshire remains on schedule to reach 150000 premises by December 2017 and we continue to see high levels of customer takeup. In Enterprise we have strengthened our sales delivery management and technical capability to respond quickly to customer demand and create a scalable operating model as that demand grows. Our business is focused on three distinct market segments. Hull and East Yorkshire a stable incomegenerating segment focused on our regional market. Our plan here is to grow through continued broadband penetration and the introduction of additional services that exploit our continued investment in the market leading fibre network. Enterprise our engine for future growth. Our focus is to grow scale and capability in the provision of complex IPrelated communications and IT solutions to the Enterprise market. National Network Services our national connectivitybased segment where we seek to maximise the value from our legacy investment in national network infrastructure with a tight focus on the midmarkets need for connectivitybased services. Bill Halbert Chief Executive 09 KCOM Group PLC Annual report and accounts 201617 Strategic report Progress At the beginning of the financial year we aligned all of our business activities under a single brand. This is enabling us to simplify the way we work and to adapt the size and skills of our teams in support of our core markets. We strengthened our management team at Group level and across our Enterprise segment to help to align the business behind our core market strategy and to drive performance. As we indicated at the half year we have tightened our focus on the two segments Hull and East Yorkshire and Enterprise that provide sustainable opportunities for the business in terms of delivering dividend support and future growth in overall shareholder value. The disposal of certain national network assets last year was a fundamental part of this repositioning.