Our Strategy Hurricane Wells Hurricane Licence Hurricane FieldsProspects Greater Warwick Area Lancaster Strathmore Lincoln Warwick Whirlwind Halifax Greater Lancaster Area Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 10 11 Hurricane Energy plc Annual Report and Group Financial Statements Year Ended 31 December 2017 Overview Strategic Report Governance Financial Statements The year was marked by the significant progress made on the EPS the first stage of development of our Rona Ridge assets. The purpose of the EPS is to provide the necessary reservoir understanding to progress to a phased development of our Rona Ridge assets whilst generating significant cash flow to commence the next phase of appraisal and development. At the time of writing the EPS remains on track and on budget. FID and FDP approval bisected the year. Prior to these events the Company was focused on the numerous work streams that culminated in being able to pass these milestones exploration appraisal and development drilling front end engineering and design FEED studies detailed engineering contracting and funding. Following FID and FDP approval Hurricane is now very much in project execution mode. This mode includes upgrade and life extension work on the Floating Production Storage and Offloading vessel FPSO the Aoka Mizu which commenced in earnest in Dubai following the vessels arrival in September. TechnipFMCs fabrication facilities have been equally busy fabricating the Xmas trees and the subsea umbilical risers and flexibles SURF. I have been able to witness personally the excellent progress of the construction phase of the EPS by visiting these facilities and look forward to well completion and installation activities commencing shortly. Our extensive exploration appraisal and development drilling campaign in 20162017 resulted in two Competent Persons Reports CPRs being published during the year in review. The Lancaster field CPR published in May 2017 assigned the Company proved plus probable 2P reserves of 37.3 million stock tank barrels of oil based on just a sixyear EPS duration this would increase to Chief Executive Officers Review The 201617 wells on Lincoln and Halifax were a very successful first step. As clarity around the timing of first oil becomes apparent in H2 2018 and we complete the necessary studies on the data obtained from our drilling campaign we will setout plans for further appraisal and future development phases utilising projected organic cash flow. Efficient development of a resource base as large as ours will necessarily involve significantly greater surface infrastructure than included for the EPS and associated investment that exceeds the funding capacity currently available to Hurricane on a sole basis. Whilst plans for such broader development phases are being formulated we will be working towards getting the most out of our existing facility the Aoka Mizu. To make use of the full throughput capacity of 30000 barrels of oil per day and vessel life of 10 years a key next step is FPSO debottlenecking and implementing a gas export or disposal solution. Whilst the focus of the Company during the year has been on the EPS the success of the Halifax exploration well in Q1 delivered another leg of our Rona Ridge exploration appraisal and development strategy. The Halifax well was the last of the four wells drilled through 2016201 7 with the Transocean Spitsbergen drilling rig. As with our other exploration wells the Halifax well was drilled in close proximity to a previous well which had indicated the presence of hydrocarbons in the basement in this case a well drilled by Arco in 1998. For this reason its success was not a surprise but this does not reduce its significance. The well encountered an oil column of approximately 1000m true vertical thickness TVT with a similar oildown to ODT to Lancaster indicating that the Rona Ridge between the Brynhild and Westray fault zones could be a single hydrocarbon We completed the required financing took FID and received FDP approval. The scale of this achievement can not be overstated Lancaster is the first standalone FDP approval in the UK sector since Culzean in 2015 and involved the largest ever AIM capital raise for an oil exploration and production EP company. These achievements were made against a backdrop of volatile and low oil prices and a resultant low level of investor interest in the EP sector. The Groups loss after tax for the year was 7.0 million 2016 profit after tax 0.9 million. This loss was driven by increased operating expenses predominantly related to increased corporate activity and write offsimpairments connected with our non core assets the relinquished Typhoon and Tempest assets and the Strathmore asset. The loss was offset by a fair value gain on derivative financial instruments related to the Convertible Bond issued during the year and foreign exchange gains.