Net assets at 30 September 2017 were 6.4 million compared to 3.2 million at 30 September 2016. This significant increase is principally due to the elimination of the deficit on the defined benefit pension scheme under IAS 19. The Directors are proposing to pay a final dividend of 3.0p per share 2016 3.0p giving a total dividend for the year of 5.0p the same as last year. Electronic Data Processing PLC Annual Report and Accounts 2017 3 Governance Notice of meeting Strategic report Financial statements Chief Executives Statement Julian Wassell Revenue for the year was up 3 at 5.11 million compared with 4.96 million the year before. We saw slightly higher sales activity throughout the year in relation to both of our key products Quantum VS and Vecta and also increased levels of professional services activity for which credit should go to our professional services team. Because of the high margin nature of the business our gross margin is typically over 90 this increase in turnover had a significant impact on our underlying operating profitability which increased 26 to 540000 from 430000 a year earlier. Continued careful management of the cost base meant that overheads as used in the calculation of adjusted operating profit were maintained at near identical levels to the previous year. Whilst an increase in sales of 3 can result in a 26 increase in operating profit we are always mindful that the converse is also true and remain vigilant in controlling the cost base. In common with many businesses we are conscious that the UK economy faces considerable uncertainty over the coming years. Most of our customers are directly impacted by Brexit one way or another. The majority of them import and are affected by the significant exchange rate movements that we have experienced over the last 18 months or so. Different sectors have varying views of the future with some of those in the Builders Merchants sector for example currently feeling more positive than some of those who are not directly involved in construction. The fact that we offer our products into a variety of industry verticals within the distribution sector provides our business with a good degree of resilience as we are not overly reliant on any one sector. However economic uncertainty typically can mean that significant capital expenditure decisions can be delayed or even cancelled as businesses take a wait and see approach. Our consistent strategy for many years has been to strengthen the relationship we have with our customers by growing the proportion of our revenues delivered through our hosting centre in Milton Keynes. Last year hit yet another record as 61 of our revenues were delivered using the hosting model. This was up from 59 last year and in fact we have seen this figure grow for 17 out of the last 18 years. We continue to manage the migration process from our legacy applications to Quantum VS carefully. At 30 September 2017 we had signed 48 customers for Quantum VS compared to 40 a year earlier. The decision to change ERP solution is a major decision for any business and whilst we believe that Quantum VS provides an excellent solution for the majority of the users of our older legacy products the migration process itself inevitably leads to higher levels of customer churn than we have historically seen. This will continue to be the case. Some of the users of our legacy products are keen to remain on their current system for the foreseeable future and we are geared to offer a flexible approach to work with them. This often leads to a new long term 5 year contract which provides them with comfort and us with excellent visibility of revenues and the ability to plan our resources going forwards. Of course we will seek to promote Quantum VS to them at an appropriate time in the future. Our combined CRM and Business Intelligence BI product Vecta generated 28 of total revenues during the period under review up from 25 a year earlier. We have stated previously that in the medium term we would expect to see the proportion of our total revenues represented by Vecta to increase due to the fact that its sales cycle is much shorter than that for an ERP solution such as Quantum VS and this remains the case. Strategy Our principal software products Quantum VS and Vecta offer clear business benefits to our customers helping them to generate sales growth or to create efficiencies and reduce costs. Quantum VS and Vecta are complementary with many of our customers using both. Quantum VS is a comprehensive ERP application which addresses a focussed number of verticals within the distribution sector including builders and timber merchants suppliers of fixings and fastenings industrial and security products and electrical wholesalers. As noted above our longterm strategy is to manage the migration of customers from our four legacy applications Merchant Charisma Esprit and The Business Programme to Quantum VS whilst identifying and exploiting new business opportunities in our target vertical markets. Summary Revenue for the year was up 3 at 5.11 million compared with 4.96 million the year before. We saw slightly higher sales activity throughout the year in relation to both of our key products Quantum VS and Vecta. This increase in turnover had a significant impact on our underlying operating profitability which increased 26 to 540000 from 430000 a year earlier. Contracted recurring revenues represented 80 of total revenues during the year compared with 82 last year. Cash balances amounted to 6.4 million at 30 September 2017 up from 5.4 million the previous year. Last year hit yet another record as 61 of our revenues were delivered using the hosting model. This was up from 59 last year and in fact we have seen this figure grow for 17 out of the last 18 years.