This business is now more focused on customers and markets with strength in subscriptions supported by a revitalised Consulting business and an exciting marketing services capability through Informa Engage. It has all the tools and talent to continue to steadily improve its growth profile in the coming years. The Academic Publishing Division under the leadership of new Divisional CEO Annie Callanan also reported improved underlying revenue growth at 2.0 with revenues of 530m and adjusted operating profit of 154m. This included another robust performance by our scholarly journals business with high subscription renewals reflecting continued strong demand for our content. In our specialist Books business a number of operational initiatives to improve publication efficiency and customer service supported performance and combined with a more stable market backdrop led to positive growth over 2017. Towards the end of the year we further reduced our exposure to the more volatile end of the Books market through the sale of lower level textbook publisher Garland which should help further stabilise the Books business in 2018. We continued to invest in new growth opportunities through 2017 particularly in digital data and open access OA. In May we invested in colwiz a business developing research management software using artificial intelligence and machine learning technology. In September we announced the addition of Dove Medical Press a leading independent OA publisher strengthening our position in Health Sciences and adding a valuable portfolio of established OA journals and a platform for future expansion in this attractive and growing market. The Knowledge Networking Division returned to positive growth in 2017 with an underlying growth rate of 0.1 reversing a decline of 4.1 in 2016. This follows four years of significant change designed to simplify the portfolio and focus the business on large branded international confexes and events in three key vertical markets Life Sciences Global Finance and TMT. In November we completed the sale of a majority stake in Euroforum our German and Swiss conference business further increasing the focus on our major brands in core verticals. Knowledge Networkings investment in digital communities and in connecting audiences year round through networks and specialist content continued to gather pace through the year and this is one of the areas where we expect to see more growth in 2018 and beyond. A common feature across all the Operating Divisions is the continuous reassessment of business mix and proactive management of the portfolio to improve growth prospects profitability and earnings quality. Much has been achieved to reshape the Group through GAP and this is reflected in its improving performance. We will maintain this focus in the future continuing to reassess select noncore businesses to test whether we remain their best longterm owner. INVESTING FOR GROWTH AND SCALE The improving performance of the Group and Operating Divisions is in no small part due to the programme of investment and portfolio improvement undertaken as part of GAP. Over the last four years around 80m has been invested in a range of projects in all four Operating Divisions as well as centrally in Global Support. These have focused on technology that enhances Informas core platforms ranging from customer management systems and marketing automation tools to frontend delivery platforms. This has strengthened the Groups capabilities supporting the steady improvement in underlying performance and the delivery of consistent future growth and further scale. In 2017 this GAP investment started to reap dividends with a range of new products and platform enhancements launched. This was particularly evident in Business Intelligence with upgrades and launches including improved data collection new API functionality and full platform launches. These included a new platform for EPFR Global our fund flow and asset allocation data business the launch of Ovum Forecaster a new product combining forecasts on broadband cellular and TV services and technologies and a new platform for Citeline our clinical trials intelligence business with a new web interface providing full access to data on more than 265000 trials and 400000 investigators. Elsewhere in Academic Publishing a single enhanced platform for scholarly books content was introduced. In Global Exhibitions the development and rollout of our MarkitMakr digital lead generation platform continued as did the core digital platform in Knowledge Networking. More details can be found in the Divisional review section. COMBINING AND INTEGRATING NEW BUSINESSES Having acquired Penton Information Services at the end of 2016 2017 saw a multifaceted integration programme to combine Pentons 1000 colleagues exhibitions intelligence brands and print and digital B2B insight and data products with Informas business structure culture and commercial operations. DELIVER DISCOVER COMBINE Planning for the integration started well in advance of the deal completing but the initial focus for all the Informa and Penton teams remained on meeting yearend targets. At the same time management teams prioritised discovering more about Penton and testing assumptions made around where and how each part of Pentons business might best fit within Informas portfolio. The project moved into its Combine phase in early 2017 when the formal integration of businesses people culture and systems got underway. COLLABORATION AND GOVERNANCE A steering committee was established to oversee and monitor the programme led by Chief Integration Officer and Business Intelligence CEO Patrick Martell and comprising the CEOs of Global Exhibitions and Knowledge Networking the Director of Strategy Planning Director of Talent Transformation and the Business Intelligence HR Director. The committee was supported by a dedicated project manager and met biweekly to discuss progress reports agree key integration actions and collaborate on crossbusiness matters. Each Division established workstreams to manage decisions and activity around commercial marketing and financial integration with sponsors and leads accountable for reporting progress and escalating issues.