Excluding temporary leases gross annualised rental income increased by 5.0 per cent and 4.9 per cent on passing rent and ERV respectively. The redevelopment and expansion of existing assets remains an important part of our strategy to enhance the quality of the portfolio and deliver attractive income returns on marginal investment. Capital expenditure during the year totalled 19.6 million with current capital projects anticipated to provide a 7.6 per cent yield on cost. Efficient capital structure We are focused on further strengthening the balance sheet by mitigating refinancing risk and efficiently reducing leverage whilst also limiting the impact on income. The Groups loan to value ratio of 50.0 per cent reflecting transactions post year end is at the top end of our medium term target of 45 to 50 per cent. The acquisition of a further 44.0 per cent interest in the Leopard portfolio during the second half of the year raised leverage temporarily above 50 per cent but this has been largely addressed through successful disposals and the acquisition of the controlling interest in the IHL hotel portfolio post year end. Our investment philosophy is simple we look to invest in and extract value from assets which can deliver consistent and growing income returns. Redefine International P.L.C. Annual Report 2017 06 Strategic report Chief Executives report continued The Groups weighted average cost of debt stands at 3.1 per cent 2016 3.4 per cent below our mediumterm target of 3.2 to 3.4 per cent. The reduction in our interest costs has provided enhanced interest cover at a Group level of 3.2 times 2016 2.7 times. The long term debt secured against four of our UK Shopping Centres was successfully restructured in the second half of the year to reduce leverage and interest costs. The aggregate facility of 167.8 million was reduced to 146.1 million extended to April 2042 and included the termination of the historic profit share arrangement on Grand Arcade Wigan. The aggregate prepayment and restructuring costs of 27.6 million provided a marginal return of approximately 10 per cent resulting in an efficient reduction in leverage. Financial discipline In February 2017 we aligned underlying earnings to the EPRA measure adjusted for limited Company specific noncash adjustments. Utilising this industry standard metric will provide a closer alignment of earnings to operating cash flow. Our dividend for the year was fully covered with the payout ratio of 94.5 per cent within our target of 90 to 95 per cent. Progress against our mediumterm financial targets has been positive with key metrics largely on target or moving in the right direction. Growing our business sustainably On the Corporate Social Responsibility front the Group has been proactive in ensuring compliance with forthcoming Energy Performance Certificate EPC regulations. Over 500 EPCs have been reviewed or renewed eliminating compliance risk in advance of the 2018 deadline. On Green initiatives we have improved our GRESB rating for the second year running and we have conducted tenant surveys at our UK Shopping centres to help us develop better experiences for occupiers and customers alike. For certain centres this has resulted in the implementation of electric vehicle charging bays provided free of charge to customers. 2016 marked ten years since the Groups listing and to celebrate we have been paying it back with community projects called Ten 4 Ten. Each centre has invested ten days during the year towards initiatives designed to support the communities in which we operate. Outlook The income return from direct real estate in the UK has contributed approximately 75 per cent of total direct real estate returns over the longterm and our income focused portfolio is well placed to capitalise on this trend in the future. With growing global appetite for predictable income returns we believe our incomeled strategy to deliver market leading shareholder distributions remains extremely attractive. The expectation of rising interest rates in the UK in the near term appears increasingly likely. Despite this interest rates remain exceptionally low by historic standards and the outlook for longerterm rates remains benign suggesting that the search for yield is likely to endure as a key investment theme. Our income focused and diversified portfolio provides limited exposure to any single sector or occupier with the opportunity to allocate capital to assets and sectors where we identify the best opportunities. We are increasingly looking to invest in locations and sectors with longterm structural support driven by occupier demand infrastructure investment and strong demographics. Significant progress has been made in strengthening our balance sheet and we will continue to target a lower leverage structure over time. Notwithstanding this objective the Groups average debt maturity is already in excess of seven years and with material covenant headroom and interest cover over three times this has resulted in limited refinancing risk and strong cash flow cover. All our mediumterm targets remain in place. Our growth target of 3.0 to 5.0 per cent per annum in underlying earnings per share reflects the confidence we have that our business will continue to deliver superior sustainable and growing income. Earnings growth is driven with focus on all aspects of our income statement. The continuous improvement in the quality of our portfolio is supporting rental growth expectations. We are seeing strong occupier demand for our logistics hotels and retail park assets 47 per cent of the UK portfolio supported by 38.9 per cent of the overall portfolio being subject to inflationlinked and fixed rental increases. In addition we have a number of incomeled asset management initiatives planned and underway to support our growth targets. Weighted average cost of debt has reduced to 3.1 per cent which combined with improvements in our EPRA cost ratio is providing positive operating leverage. We remain committed to becoming the UKs leading income focused REIT and to delivering upper quartile income returns relative to other UKREITs.