Meanwhile we have a clearly articulated core strategy focusing on water and waste operations in the UK and we believe both business streams provide excellent opportunities. With our sectorleading dividend policy our growth profile and our strong balance sheet Pennon Group is well positioned to deliver further value to customers communities and shareholders. Chris Loughlin Chief Executive Officer Pennon Group plc Avonmouth ERF investing for growth Viridor with its joint venture partners is already one of the largest independent power generators from waste. When Avonmouth begins operation early in the next decade it will place us in the leading position in UK energy recovery with 20 market share. Avonmouth will serve around 3.5 million people in the West of England and supply the national grid with enough electricity to power over 30000 homes. The waste supply in the Avonmouth ERF catchment area substantially exceeds the plants own capacity as well as available capacity nearby. Supporting contracts we already have an additional volume of some 800000 tonnes is available from local municipal commercial and industrial sources. Combustible waste market under capacity in the west of England extends to 2030 and beyond matching the UK trend. Viridors market projections are supported by independent third party analysis. 25 Strategic report Our operations Water and wastewater In our water and wastewater business we are focused on providing services in the most efficient way possible. Innovation new technologies and the pioneering of a holistic approach to water and wastewater management are playing a key role in delivering service improvements and longterm value. www.pennongroup.co.ukwater 1.7 million total population served 0.8 million customers 21 raw water reservoirs 15300 km of drinking water mains network 682 treatment works with 66 ultraviolet UV treatment facilities 15600 km wastewater mains network 900 wastewater pumping stations 144 bathing waters and 24 shellfish waters South West Water Reservoir Key water mains 26 Pennon Group plc Annual Report 2017 0.5 million total population served 0.2 million customers 2 raw water reservoirs 2831 km of drinking water mains network 7 treatment works with 4 ultraviolet UV treatment facilities Bournemouth Water Stephen Bird Managing Director South West Water We continued to deliver strong performance in 201617 providing high quality drinking water achieving our best result to date in leakage and delivering a significant improvement in wastewater compliance. We were well prepared for the opening of the nonhousehold retail market and are wellplaced as preparations get underway ahead of the next Price Review PR19. 27 Strategic report Our operations Water and wastewater continued Continuing outperformance The merged water business of South West Water and Bournemouth Water performed well during the year. South West Waters Return on Regulated Equity RoRE performance continues to be sector leading and is outperforming its business plan with a RoRE of 12.6. This arises from base financing and operational returns with 6 as the base return 3.2 reflecting total expenditure savings and efficiencies 0.3 reflecting a net reward on Outcome Delivery Incentives ODIs and 3.1 reflecting the difference between actual and assumed financing costs. This is consistent with the approach to our WaterShare mechanism. A key highlight for the year is our significant capital investment of 191 million in our drinking water and wastewater operations. This reflects our focus on enhancing our environmental performance and we are pleased with the progress seen during the year. During the year Ofwat updated its guidance to companies which requires financing outperformance to be calculated using an inyear average RPI rate. This approach reflects a financing outperformance of 2.4 and a total RoRE of 11.9 for 201617 10.1 for 201516. South West Waters RoRE would remain sector leading and by the end of K6 period overall performance will converge. Total expenditure savings South West Water continued to focus on driving value through efficiency. It achieved cumulative total expenditure Totex savings of 129 million and financing outperformance of 67 million in the first two years of K6 20152020. The business expects to remain at the forefront of cost efficiency for the water sector. RoRE 201617 1 2 3 4 1 Base 6.0 2 Totex outperformance 3.2 3 ODI outperformance 0.3 4 Financing outperformance 1 3.1 1 Interest outperformance is based on the outturn effective real interest rate on net debt using the forecast K6 average RPI notional gearing of 62.5 and an actual effective tax rate of 18.2. These savings were driven by continuing advantages from our strategic alliances including a new water distribution framework and the H 5 0 capital alliance which is now delivering efficient schemes within the Bournemouth region. We are also ensuring efficient capital investment promoting offsite build techniques and changing the way we work through our iOPS programme focussed on innovation and new technology to deliver cost efficiency and customer service improvements. We continued to deliver synergies from our acquisition of and merger with Bournemouth Water focusing on frontline functions having completed integration of backoffice and support services at the end of the prior year. The targeted c.27 million of net synergies over K6 are on track. ODI rewards South West Water had 22 ODIs and Bournemouth Water 10 ODIs which have potential financial rewards or penalties. These ODIs include the Service Incentive Mechanism SIM. Operational performance for the year continued to improve and there was a net ODI reward of 3.6 million 5.5 million cumulatively over two years reflecting 0.3 RoRE outperformance to date. South West Water maintained good reliability and serviceability across all four areas of operations and bathing water quality water restrictions interruptions to supply and leakage all resulted in rewards for the year. Disappointingly performance in wastewater pollutions and external flooding fell below our targeted commitment and resulted in a penalty however performance did improve overall compared with the prior year. The cumulative net reward of 5.5 million comprises 7.5 million of net rewards recognised at the end of the regulatory period and 2.0 million of net penalty which could be adjusted during the regulatory period.