I am particularly impressed by how the Group applies its heritage in logistics and distribution across all the divisions as well as how it embraces the customer service ethos. When combined with being very entrepreneurial culturally the Group fits with my ambitions. I expect to use the foundations in Energy Aviation and Rail to continue creating value for shareholders over the longterm. Over the last six months I have very much enjoyed working with the Board and Andrew but moreover believe there is a lot of unlocked value and growth potential across our core divisions that has yet to be realised. Whilst the foundations have been laid in each division with investment and a clear strategic direction the business can continue to grow. The Group has all the resources available to support accelerated growth and then over time the operating businesses will underpin the value creation for our shareholders. Energy Having now toured several of the Groups processing sites and plants as well as spending time working with Ben and the team I can see that this business is all about logistics and distribution so fits very well with the core expertise of the Group. With several of the large energy plants coming on stream over the next 12 months there will inevitably be a few challenges but I am confident that the team will deliver on the overall targets. I expect we will deliver 60 of the markets fuel supply into biomass plants and this will underpin the financial returns for the next 20 years or so. I also see opportunities to grow the business through operating and managing the energy plants and extending into other forms of fuel that can leverage our current specialist transport and logistics operation. Aviation Airport The key to value creation is our London airport becoming part of the answer to supporting Londons travel growth within the airport systems. The ongoing London airport capacity constraints will mean our London airport with its great train links 45 minutes from London will be an opportunity for the capitals travel market to grow. London Southend Airport is Londons best airport and the infrastructure can support 10m passengers per year. The other differentiator is that Stobart Group provides all the services across the airport from operating the railway station owning and operating our 4 hotel under the Holiday Inn brand our food and beverage outlets car parking and solar farm. These all create additional value for the Group and will be an important part of further developing Londons best airport. There is also a lot of space to develop our property assets at the airport which could be used for maintenance and other businesses. It is truly remarkable that we will be able to create a London airport capable of delivering 10m passengers per year for under 200m so the capital efficiency is impressive. Airline and Aircraft Leasing Our regional airline Stobart Air based in Dublin operates under a longterm franchise with Aer Lingus which we believe will be an important support for International Airlines Groups focus on growing its transatlantic traffic through the Dublin hub. Stobart Air also operates for Flybe and in the future will operate regional jets under the Flybe brand to support the growth of our London airport. Our aircraft leasing business Propius supports Stobart Air and together they will be developed to create more value for the Group. From my perspective the UK and Europes regional airline market would benefit from some type of consolidation to ensure the capacity supports profitable regional connectivity. 13 Stobart Group Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2017 For more information visit www.stobartgroup.co.ukinvestors STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OPERATING BUSINESSES INVESTMENTS INFRASTRUCTURE 649m AVIATION INFRASTRUCTURE CASH STOBART EDDIE BRAND ENERGY RAIL 26m HP 4m HP 4m HP 3m HP 1m HP 149m CASH 65m RCF 124m 72m 40m 100m 152m 12m 2018 2.5m PASSENGERS AT 8 PP EBITDA INVEST TO RETURN 15 IRR IN STOBART CAPITAL 2018 CREATE 15 IRR THROUGH ASSET REALISATIONS VALUE IMPROVEMENT 2018 2m TONNES AT 10 PT EBITDA GROWTH 20 2022 5m PASSENGERS AT 10 PP EBITDA 2022 CASH SURPLUS TO SUPPORT FUTURE GROWTH 2022 ASSETS SOLD TO SUPPORT PROGRESSIVE RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS 2022 3m TONNES AT 12 PT EBITDA 10m EBITDA Ground Handling and Support Services The Group already provides ground handling services and given its expertise in logistics distribution and customer services we plan to grow this business in the UK and Europe. Stobart Exec Jet Centre With c.100000 private jet movements into the London market per year our Exec Jet Centre is well placed to offer a great service by connecting product into London. With a clear plan to grow this business we believe over time it will become a key part of Londons executive aviation offering. The Group is well setup for growing these small but established businesses and capitalising on the current opportunities in the market. Rail and NonRail Civil Engineering Our Stobart Rail team is highly regarded in the Industry and provides valuable tier 2 specialist services to Network Rail and its tier 1 partners. Its real competitive advantage is the teams innovative approach to developing equipment systems and people to deliver significant value to the customer. Stobart Rail is renowned for operating strongly under critical time constraints and delivering quality work on time and to budget. On the nonrail side the team are specialists in building distribution centres airports racecourses etc. T ogether with an innovative approach design capability planning and low cost execution they provide value engineering across the Group.