We are confident that the Group will continue to prosper and deliver high standards of service to our clients as well as value for our shareholders through our investment to support future growth. Christopher Knight Chairman 20 September 2017 I am pleased to report another year of strong progress. Christopher Knight Chairman Brooks Macdonald Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 03 Chief Executives review CHIEF EXECUTIVES REVIEW Caroline Connellan Chief Executive Introduction Having taken over as Chief Executive of Brooks Macdonald in April 2017 I am delighted to present my first report covering a year when we have continued to deliver strong underlying Group performance although statutory profit has fallen principally as a result of the previously announced provision for legacy matters. As a result of the hard work and dedication of all our staff under Chris Macdonalds prior leadership I have joined a business that is well positioned in the market and I intend to build on this strong foundation. Since my arrival I have had the opportunity to visit each of our offices meeting many of the advisers we partner with as well as spending time with our people listening and learning about the business firsthand. I have been particularly impressed by our culture with its strong emphasis on client relationships and service. This has been fundamental to our growth to date and it will remain central to our success going forward. I would like to thank everyone at Brooks Macdonald for making me feel welcome and Chris for his support during the handover. Discretionary fund management is our core business and we will be looking for opportunities to grow it further including enhancing our offering and service levels as well as continuing to adapt given the fast changing external environment to retain our strong market position. We have already announced additional investment in our regulatory and risk management capabilities to build a stronger platform both now and for delivering sustainable growth in the future. Pursuing greater efficiency in the business is another of my priorities in order to continue to improve our margins. This focus on our core offering and our drive to improve margins has also led to the agreed sale of Braemar Estates our property management business expected to complete by the calendar year end. Growth in funds under management and underlying profit A conducive market environment for risk assets continued through the year with interest rates across the developed world at highly accommodative levels and inflation subdued. There were bouts of volatility stemming from political risk including the negotiations around Brexit and the UK US and French elections although any equity market selloff was short lived. Bond returns were more mixed with the US Federal Reserves decision to increase US interest rates weighing on sentiment. Within the UK equities with As we continue to invest in the Group I look forward to building on our success to date and positioning the business to deliver growth into the future. 04 Brooks Macdonald Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2017 Chief Executives review continued Growth in funds continued international earnings benefitted from sterling weakness whilst those with a domestic focus underperformed as real wages fell. With heightened valuations across equity markets geopolitical risks and central banks tapering asset purchases we reduced our overweight position in equities and rebalanced client portfolios accordingly. Within the nonequity space we have reduced our bond holdings given the uncertainty over future interest rate levels and central bank policies. Against this backdrop the Group maintained momentum throughout the financial year achieving annual growth in our discretionary funds under management FUM of 25. 9 to stand at 10 .5bn at 30 June 2017 2016 8. 3bn. Of the 2. 2bn increase 1. 0bn 11 .5 was net new business and 1. 2bn 14 .5 was investment performance. As a comparison the FTSE UK Private Investor Balanced Index increased by 10 .5 over the year. Underlying profit before tax for the year was 18. 4m 2016 15 .5m an increase of 18. 6 on the previous year representing an underlying profit margin of 20. 1 2016 19. 1. Underlying earnings per share also increased by 31. 7 to 115. 76p 2016 87. 92p. While this is a strong result for the underlying business statutory profit before tax for the year fell by 49. 3 to 8. 0m 2016 15. 9m predominantly due to the provision for legacy matters detailed below as well as amortisation and an impairment to the goodwill recorded for the Levitas business although the latter is more than offset by a reduction in deferred consideration. A full reconciliation of underlying and statutory profit can be found in the Strategic Report and segmental information on underlying and statutory profit is given in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. Review of business performance and development UK Investment Management continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We have maintained strong new business flows largely driven by our close relationships with advisers. We remain confident in the growth opportunity and believe there continues to be significant scope to increase the breadth and depth of our adviser relationships and benefit from the continuing trend of professional intermediaries outsourcing investment management. We continue to add value through our centralised investment process with portfolios across all risk mandates achieving abovebenchmark returns according to Asset Risk Consultants ARC private client indices over one three and five year periods. In November we were for the second consecutive year awarded the prestigious industry Gold Standard Award for service in discretionary fund management and we were once again proud to receive five star ratings from Defaqto for each of the main discretionary offerings our Bespoke Portfolio Service BPS direct Managed Portfolio Service MPS and our platform MPS.