We will continue to look to expand our FBO network and our offering of nonfuel services to ensure that we remain the market leader with unmatched customer relevance. Our growing portfolio at Ontic offers significant opportunities and the business has a strong pipeline. The Board remains confident of good growth in 2018. Strategic Report QA with Interim Group Chief Executive 4 I have greatly enjoyed this period as Interim Group Chief Executive. I am extremely proud of our people their energy their commitment their integrity and their focus has established the momentum that we take into 2018. Wayne Edmunds Interim Group Chief Executive QA with Interim Group Chief Executive Q. How would you describe current US BGA market conditions A. The BGA market is looking positive. It showed good growth in 2017 in the USA growth was 3.1 in the first half and 4.1 in the second and as we look into 2018 we are encouraged by a positive outlook for the US economy with expected continued growth in GDP underpinned by tax reforms. Within the different customer segments charter traffic demonstrated particularly strong year on year growth. In the first half of the year Signature grew in line with the market despite the shortterm impact of combining the two commercial books of Landmark and Signature and transitioning key customers onto new commercial agreements. In the second half we outperformed a more buoyant BGA market as the new commercial agreements bedded down and new traffic patterns established. Q. What is the enlarged Signature network capable of A. Signature now has 198 locations across the world. Of the top 200 BGA airports in the US Signature is present at locations where 68 of fuel is burned and we are located at key BGA centres outside the US in Europe Asia South America and Africa. These are in the places that our customers want to fly to and where they know they will receive the same industryleading service from our highly trained Signature team. We have built relationships with these customers and we continue to invest in the quality of experience and in the quality and range of our infrastructure our service offering and our technology so that they continue to choose Signature. Our goal is to continue to grow operating profit ahead of the market. Q. How does Aftermarket Services fit with the Group going forward A. Ontic offers us scalable investment opportunities that have an attractive return on invested capital and enable us to grow our portfolio of IPprotected products. The team has demonstrated real diligence and expertise on the evaluation of prospective licences and we are now regarded as a trusted counterparty for maturing and legacy aircraft parts that are either replaced through wear and tear or as part of regular service cycles. Furthermore as our scale has increased our key OEM partners have shown an increased willingness to grow their relationships with us as demonstrated by the steady stream of new licence deals we have agreed particularly in the latter part of 2017. As we announced on 1 March 2018 we are currently conducting a strategic review of the ERO business although there is no certainty that this will result in a transaction being agreed. Strategic Report QA with Interim Group Chief Executive 5 Q. What would you say are the priorities of the new Group Chief Executive A. BBA Aviation completed its annual strategic review and goal setting process at the end of 2017 and our goals have been cascaded throughout the Group. As a member of the Executive Management Committee Mark has been deeply involved in the process and as Group Chief Executive he will take responsibility for delivering them. Having spent ten years with BBA Aviation in a range of senior roles he has a detailed knowledge of how the business works and will be able to hit the ground running. I have no doubt that his key priority will be to maintain the momentum that we have achieved in recent years not just in business performance but in all the underlying things that contribute to it our focus on service and growing our offer to the customer our focus on understanding the customer through better use of data and the deployment of new technology to improve our processes and make us more efficient operators. In this regard Mark has been a key facilitator of our recent investment in Victor a leading ondemand private jet charter company where we will explore in partnership cutting edge ways to better serve the passengers operators and aircraft owners using our network. And finally that we continue to deploy capital wisely. Mark shares my determination to ensure that BBA Aviation is a safe place to work and a great place to work and that we remain committed to being a responsible company. This is valued by our employees and by potential employees and we want to make sure that we continue to attract and retain the best talent. Q. What can you say about the review of BBA Aviations capital structure A. BBA Aviation is now predominantly focused on the BGA market. It was therefore appropriate that we reviewed our capital requirements and leverage appetite ready for the next stage of our development. Our cash generation characteristics are very strong and we believe an increase in our leverage range is appropriate hence the increase in the range to 2.5x3.0x. We ended the 2017 financial year towards the bottom end of this range. We will continue to deploy capital where we see the opportunity to generate good riskadjusted returns and our investment priorities are focused on delivering organic underlying operating profit growth above BGA market growth and investing in bolton acquisitions and IP licensing arrangements at Ontic. The Group remains disciplined in its approach to the allocation of capital with the overriding objective being to enhance shareholder value.