Rebranding and marketing work commenced and will continue through the year ahead. I am pleased that the copayment that was introduced in Abu Dhabi in July 2016 was waived with immediate eff ect on 26 April 2017 following our ongoing dialogue with the relevant stakeholders in the region. Danie Meintjes Chief Executive O cer MEDICLINIC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 12 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW We are determined to meet and exceed the expectations of our patients in every market we operate. WHY DO YOU BELIEVE REGULATORY MATTERS PLAYED SUCH A PROMINENT ROLE THIS YEAR Access to healthcare is a basic human right. It is therefore understandable that governments will have an interest in their particular healthcare system to ensure that it is efficient accessible and fair to its citizens. Healthcare delivery models vary widely between countries with different degrees of participation by the private healthcare sector. However the cost of delivering healthcare around the world is increasing. The reality is that this is largely driven by increased consumption from an ageing and growing diseaseburdened population and new technology. We have a joint responsibility working with governments funders and patients to offer affordable and costefficient services to ensure the longterm sustainability of healthcare provision in the countries in which we operate. The private sector can make a meaningful costefficient contribution towards healthcare delivery. We believe that governments and the private healthcare sector should constructively co operate to find a dual system of care delivery which is in the best interest of the broader community. In Switzerland as the Federal Government and cantons reviewed their budgets and expenditure on healthcare we saw several regulatory announcements during the year. Firstly the Canton of Zurich in mid 2016 proposed a levy based on the proportion of privately insured patients treated in listed hospitals. The Hirslanden management team committed significant time and resources to engaging with the relevant public authorities to raise concerns regarding the process fairness and the impact of the proposed levy specifically on Klinik Hirslanden. I am pleased to report that in March 2017 the Cantonal Parliament voted not to approve the proposed levy. Secondly there have been ongoing national outpatient tariff TARMED negotiations between healthcare providers and funders. The Swiss Federal Government released proposed adjustments to TARMED as a transitional solution while negotiations continue to find agreement on a revised tariff structure. And finally the Zurich Cantonal Parliament approved an amendment to the cantonal hospital law providing a legal basis to create a list of interventions that in future should generally be treated as outpatient rather than inpatient services. Continued dialogue and engagement with the relevant public authorities remains key to ensuring that private healthcare plays a meaningful role in the broader healthcare delivery system. In South Africa the cost of private healthcare is being examined by the Competition Commission through the Health Market Inquiry HMI. T owards the end of 2016 the HMI published a timetable reflecting the proposed events for 2017. We will continue to engage with the HMI as we progress towards the publication of the final reports which they have indicated will be by the end of 2017. As I mentioned previously from 1 July 2016 the Abu Dhabi authorities introduced a 20 copayment for Emiratis who are members of the Thiqa insurance option when they make use of private healthcare providers. This had a material impact on our Abu Dhabi business affecting the volume of Thiqa patients visiting our facilities. We are focused on growing our patient numbers from the Thiqa and enhanced insurance market. This strategy is supported by the new business and operational practices the ongoing upgrade and investment programmes across our facilities and the rebranding of the business to Mediclinic. The waiving of the copayment in Abu Dhabi from late April 2017 will help to support our anticipated gradual improvement in Middle East performance as we move through the coming financial year. WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF MEDICLINIC BEING A GLOBAL HEALTHCARE PROVIDER We have built a diversified portfolio of operating platforms in Switzerland Southern Africa and the Middle East and in the UK we have our 29.9 investment in Spire Healthcare. Combined with our strong market position in our operating regions Mediclinic benefits from a pool of skilled knowledgeable and experienced employees. Group initiatives to simplify standardise and centralise key business support processes are ongoing. Using our international scale we are beginning to deliver meaningful synergies and cost savings. During the year our central procurement function and ICT department made excellent progress in some key contract negotiations that will benefit the future profitability of the Group. Although clinical models differ from country to country the basic principles are similar and it is useful to compare and share clinical experience and learnings among our operating platforms. The breadth of intellectual property across the Group is vast. We strive to nurture the combined knowledge skills and experience from our diverse group of people to improve the Groups clinical performance and growth opportunities. MEDICLINIC ANNUAL REPORT 2017 13 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS REVIEW It is vital that we share best practice at an international level as this will ensure we continue to deliver highquality costefficient services to our patients. The comprehensive cancer centre in Dubai is an example of how we tapped into the clinical experience and knowledge of the Hirslanden team in Switzerland to assist with the design building and opening of our first comprehensive cancer centre in the Middle East. Having access to such valuable sources of knowledge and skills lowers the risk of venturing into new complex clinical service lines. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIORITIES AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE YEAR AHEAD AND BEYOND Our Group focus on Patients First will continue to be our top priority. We are determined to meet and exceed the expectations of our patients in every market in which we operate.